Kaito: “Aaaand ‘update complete’...”
Kaito: “...Not that I have a clue what's changed.”
Kaito: “Yeah, yeah.”
Kaito: “My name is Yashio Kaito.”
Kaito: “General course student in Class 3-2 at Chuo Tanegashima High. Assigned seat number 26. My grades are mediocre at best.”
Kaito: “As for club activities, I belong to the Robotics Research Club... Kind of.”
Kaito: “Funny considering I don't know jack about robots.”
Kaito: “Actually, my real field of expertise is video games.”
Kaito: “Wait, huh?”
The post-update messages have already disappeared from the screen. I guess I spent too much time yammering.
I let out a small sigh and leave the dimly lit Robotics Research Club room.
A refreshing early summer breeze blows by.
It's like night and day compared to that hot, cramped room.
The moment I step outside, I stop sweating.
With the cool breeze washing over my entire body, I take a look at the surrounding scenery with my PokeCom.
We usually see a bunch of typhoons around this time of year, but today seems like a nice day.
The endless blue sky stretches far and wide. It's already turning the color of summer.
This place is about 40 kilometers south of the Osumi Peninsula in Kagoshima.
I live here on Tanegashima, right next to Yakushima, famous for being a World Heritage Site.
But to be honest, this island isn't really noteworthy outside of our matchlock rifles and the rocket launch site.
Chuo Tanegashima High is right at the center of the island.
It's one of the only two high schools in the area, actually.
Over 10 years ago, there was an anime set here that got popular, but other than that, our school's nothing to write home about.
Kaito: “I suppose I'll take it for a test drive now that it's updated.”
???: “Kaiii!”
It's then that I hear a voice in the distance calling for me by my nickname.
There are only a handful of people who call me that. Looks like our beloved club president has returned.
Kaito: “Perfect timing. I'll just lock on to her with my PokeCom.”
Senomiya Akiho shows up at just the right moment, so I capture her within the screen of my PokeCom.
She's in the same grade as me, and we've been inseparable ever since we were kids. We go by the nicknames “Kai” and “Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Are you playing games again?”
Kaito: “I'm not playing anything. ‘IRUO.’ got updated, so I was testing it out.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, how do you feel about cat ears?”
I boot up Cat Ear Mode from among the app icons in ‘IRUO.’
Kaito: “Meow, meow! Heh.”
This thing is pretty awesome. Not only does it add cat ears to her head, but it also gives her a maid outfit.
Akiho: “You're as carefree as ever, Kai...”
Kai is me, of course. Short for Kaito.
Akiho lets out a sigh and takes a sip from the bottle in her hand.
Akiho: “Gulp... gulp... gulp... gulp... Ahhh...!”
Akiho: “It's hard times like this when we've gotta join forces and stick it out together!”
Kaito: “These are hard times?”
Akiho: “Heck yeah they are! Can't you tell?!”
Akiho points toward the Robotics Club room.
The clubroom sits next to the Soccer Club equipment storehouse. Something tells me that this tiny shed of ours was never meant to be used as an actual clubroom.
Our space has two rooms, but one is used for storage, so the only one that can fit actual people is the left room.
That said, it's way too cramped with two people inside. Try and relax there. I dare you.
Even worse, we only have a single lamp, and there's no AC. It's too cold in the winter and too hot every other season.
If ‘hard times’ refers to being forced to spend time in the clubroom, then I totally get why Akiho would say that.
Kaito: “But hey, at least the lawn is pretty comfy.”
On days when it's not raining, anyway.
Akiho: “That's not the issue...”
Cat Akiho heads dejectedly into the clubroom after hearing my response.
She sits on one of the only two stools in the room and takes another sip of her soda.
As I enter, sweat beads form on my forehead. Summer's only just started... Thinking of what it'll be like in here when it really gets going horrifies me.
Kaito: “Did you go see the vice principal again?”
Akiho: “I did... but she was in a meeting, so I didn't get to talk to her. Again.”
Akiho: “She's way too busy!”
Are you sure she isn't just avoiding you?
As soon as the school year started, the Robotics Club had its budget annihilated.
As the president, Akiho's been doggedly negotiating for club funds, but I can tell they aren't taking her seriously.
That said, the fault probably lies in Akiho for demanding an absurd tenfold increase last year.
Kaito: “Must be rough being the club president. You gotta deal with all sorts of things.”
Akiho: “...It's hard work, but it is pretty fulfilling.”
Akiho smiles grimly and thrusts her fist into the air.
Meow!
Akiho: “I'd be lying if I said I'm not getting impatient, though.”
Kaito: “Attagirl.”
Akiho: “You're acting like you aren't involved in this, Kai. You and I are the only two left in the Robotics Club, so would it kill you to act like it?”
The Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Research Club, also known as the Robotics Club.
Its history goes nine years back.
It all started with a girl named Senomiya Misaki, a first-year student at the time.
Yep, that's right. She's the older sister of the girl pouting in front of me right now. I call her Misa-nee.
She founded the Robotics Research Association, and a year later it officially became a club in recognition of its achievements.
In its golden days it had nearly 20 members. It even won ROBO-ONE eight years ago, which is a hobby robot tournament held in Tokyo.
That was then, but now the club is on thin ice, if that wasn't obvious from our clubroom and our total of two members.
Kaito: “Well, sure, but c'mon. You know I don't really care about robots.”
Akiho: “I know. I've been trying to brainwash you since forever, but it still hasn't worked...”
When Akiho says brainwash, she just means her efforts to get me to watch all kinds of mecha anime... I hope.
If anything, her doing it nonstop since elementary school has had the opposite effect; I don't wanna touch the stuff.
Kaito: “While your enthusiasm is great and all, you should realize that your efforts are pointless.”
Akiho: “Huh? They are?”
Kaito: “They are. The fact that there have been zero new club members for two years in a row is evidence of that.”
Akiho: “Ah, I see. Hehe.”
Until a few years ago, it was a fairly prestigious club, but its rep is so incredibly low now that people just call it worthless and move on.
...Which is ironic considering the world is going through a robot boom.
Up until last year, the tech prep room in the main building was our home. It had issues, such as it getting no sunlight at all, but it was waaay better than this.
Akiho: “But listen, Kai. It's just like ‘that person’ always said.”
Akiho quickly puts on her red-framed glasses. By the way, the glasses are just for show.
Akiho: “‘Not yet! This won't end yet!’”
That “person” she's referring to is a character from a super famous mecha anime. He doesn't actually exist.
Kaito: “You're as ridiculously optimistic as ever, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Really? Hehe, then maybe you should learn from me.”
Akiho: “Oh, and by the way, can you please not put cat ears on me without asking?”
Kaito: “Aw, c'mon. It's cute! Meow, meow!”
Akiho: “Grr, I'm gonna get mad... Delete that app!”
Dunno why she's ordering me around, but fine. I was getting kind of tired of the thing anyway, plus it was free. I'll live.
I turn “Cat Ear Mode” off and delete it from my PokeCom.
I leave the clubroom behind me and sit down in the shade of a nearby tree.
This is my special after-school spot. It's way more comfortable than the clubroom, as long as it's not raining.
It's part of my daily routine to sit here and game.
Now that the ‘IRUO.’ update is finished, it's about time I get started.
I whip out my PokeCom and boot up Kill-Ballad from among the apps.
Kaito: “Kill-Ballad, start.”
Kaito: “Wonder what the leaderboards are looking like.”
The first thing I always do after starting up Kill-Ballad is check the leaderboards.
Kaito: “Oh, come on...”
As usual, I can't help but sigh.
For the record, my account is UMISHO. In other words, I'm ranked fifth place in the world right now.
Apparently, Kill-Ballad has about 20 million active users worldwide, so being number five is pretty amazing if I do say so myself.
The top hasn't changed for about half a year. I've got my sights set on the top, so it sucks that I can't seem to manage to topple those four.
As you can see, Kill-Ballad is a fighting game based on Gunvarrel.
It's part of the worldwide robot boom I mentioned earlier.
Plus, it's based on a legendary mecha anime, a huge hit that's worshipped as a godly masterpiece around the world to this very day.
The game was released on the PokeCom, a platform everyone owns. It's an indie game, but its combat is crazy deep.
These qualities helped Kill-Ballad become a huge success that's been downloaded 50 million times worldwide. That's KB.
Honestly, because of Akiho, I have no interest in Gunvarrel. I'm just addicted to Kill-Ballad as a game.
There are even lots of students who play it at my school.
And yet nobody even bats an eye at our little club. Pretty sad.
Kaito: “Whoa...”
I recognize the handle name of the player I'm matched against.
“FRAUKOUJIRO.”
This is the creator of Kill-Ballad...!
They're a genius programmer shrouded in complete mystery. All anybody knows is that they created Kill-Ballad.
This is my first time getting matched with them.
That said, I had heard rumors that the game's creator was playing online, so I guess they were true.
Kaito: “To face the creator head-to-head like this is an honor.”
I'm starting to get hyped.
I correct my sitting posture and focus.
Show me your moves.
KB doesn't use a stick for command inputs. Instead, it opts to use a combo system that involves timed button presses in quick succession.
Essentially, as long as there's no misinputs, and as long as you land the first hit, the rest of the combo will connect.
That said, the timing for certain combos can be pretty tight, so you need a good eye.
And it's not like your opponent is just gonna sit around and let you land a hit.
Once you enter the top 10 worldwide, battles mostly become about reading your opponent's moves.
Getting countered and subsequently stomped before you can even react is the norm. Reading your opponent and countering counters is key.
In fighting games, it's all about choices made down to a single frame. You have to read your opponent's moves and make the right choice on how to act.
That's what determines who wins and loses.
Of course, that's not everything. You have to consider the character matchup, the difference in stats, lag, as well as several other factors, but...
Mastery down to a single frame. That's the height of skill for a fighting game player.
I say that, but it's probably physically impossible to distinguish individual frames by eye.
Either way, you have to be watching your opponent at all times.
Casual advances, retreats, and even crouching are all parts of the puzzle. You have to be able to read into that.
The second you take your eyes off the opponent, they'll strike at that very opening. You can never let your guard down.
It's also important to be able to make out a player's habits. Being able to see patterns faster changes your accuracy.
By the way, I'm not trying to brag, but my reaction speed is pretty damn good.
I think I average at about four frames when reacting by sight.
And when I'm on the offensive, I can squeeze out four moves within eight frames. That's about my average.
When I'm in the zone, I can deduce the winning option within those eight frames. Theoretically, I've got four options available to me, two of which are textbook.
From those two, one is about getting a super hard read on the opponent to create an opening. The other utilizes an extremely difficult combo—my flashiest one—to confuse them.
I pick one of my four patterns depending on the situation.
My flashiest combo looks cool but has no real practical use. But a top player's gotta show off sometimes, right? Feels good, too.
Regardless, as long as I have eight frames, I can crush any technique that comes my way.
If I see it coming, that is. Like I explained earlier, a real fight is about reads. That means stuff doesn't always go according to plan.
Anyway, let's get this party started.
Kaito: “Hey there. It's an honor to meet you.”
Kaito: “Don't go too hard on me.”
Kaito: “Helloooo?”
Kaito: “I guess they don't use VC...”
Kaito: “Huh... Their attacks are pretty basic.”
Kaito: “They're playing by the books, and that's just no fun.”
Kaito: “It's too easy to come up with countermeasures.”
Kaito: “Maybe that's the downside of being the creator.”
Kaito: “Ah, I'm being a bit of a dick.”
Kaito: “That's that. Well played.”
Kaito: “You have a good read on the specifics of the game. I'd expect nothing less from the creator.”
Kaito: “However, your attacks were far too orthodox. You were way too easy to read.”
Kaito: “It also ended up being a benefit to me that we both used the same robot.”
Kaito: “Huh, not bad. I'd expect no less from the creator. Your playstyle was pretty basic, but you really understand the ins and outs of your character.”
Kaito: “Hmm... maybe I got a bit careless...”
Kaito: “Damn.”
I feel like I could win if I got one more chance.
Kaito: “Oh?”
Kaito: “They sent me a message even though they were ignoring me in VC? What's the deal?”
I should open it.
FRAUKOUJIRO
急にサーセンw こっちはいつもはボイチャやらないんで、メッセージ送らせて
もらったわけだが。ちょっと言いにくいんだけど、UMISHO氏にチート使用疑
惑があるんだよね。物理的におよそ不可能と思われるくらいの超反応をするっ
て、ばっちゃが言ってた。じゃねえ、通報者が言ってたwwwうぇwwwその
噂の真偽について、心当たりがあったら教えてくださりやがれ。
srry for the sudden msg, lul. I sent u a msg cuz I never use
VC. I h8 to say this, but ppl suspect u might be using cheats,
UMISHO-shi. a little birdie told me ur reaction time seems physically
impossible. that's wat the person who reported u said, lololol.
if you have anything to say about the authenticity of this claim, tell me pl0x.
Kaito: “What the hell is this?”
Kaito: “Me? Use cheats? Like hell!”
Kaito: “What a load of shit...”
As a fighting game player, being suspected of cheating is the ultimate blow to my pride.
Get the hell outta here.
I. Do. Not. Cheat.
I log off without replying to the message.
Who made up such a stupid lie and reported me for cheating?
I'm really pissed off now.
If Frau Koujiro is the creator, they can just check my account and settle this that way. They wouldn't find a thing.
Kaito: “Hell, the people ranked above me are way more suspicious if we're talking cheaters.”
I'm not being jealous, I swear. After fighting them countless times, I've got a feel for how they move and play.
That's why I'm so confident in my assertion. I can tell whether someone's cheating or not after only three matches.
Whoops, this is turning into a bit of a rant. I need to stop while I'm ahead.
I look up from the screen, stretch, and put away my PokeCom.
I don't have much to do, so I stare out at the scenery.
The leaves rustle above my head.
There are no students on the courtyard lawn or in the informatics classroom nearby.
As for the sports clubs, they've gone to practice at the Nakatane Central Athletic Park, which is about 20 minutes away from here.
All I can hear are the cries of crows and other small birds...
...As well as the gentle sound of plants rustling in the cool breeze.
The school is quiet after hours.
It's almost as though the flow of time has stopped.
Or that this place has been left behind by time itself.
Maybe it's not just this school. Maybe the entire island has been left behind.
Kaito: “Who knew I could be so girly? Haha.”
Akiho: “What are you talking about?”
Akiho exits the clubroom and walks over to me. I guess she heard me talking to myself.
Kaito: “I dunno. I just had this kinda listless feeling, like this place had been left behind by time or something.”
Akiho: “Ooohh, how philosophical of you...!”
Don't look at me with such respect.
Kaito: “In other words, I was just wondering what to do now.”
Akiho: “What to do now? Shouldn't it be obvious?”
Akiho points her finger up at the sky.
Akiho: “We gotta do whatever it takes to get a nice club budget and then complete GunBuild-1 within the year!”
In April, Akiho made an important declaration (her words, not mine) as president. Of course, I was the only one who heard it.
The plan is to complete Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1—GunBuild-1—within the year, before we graduate.
And so she demanded a tenfold increase to our budget out of nowhere. The VP flipped out and banished us here.
Kaito: “No, that's not what I'm trying to say.”
Kaito: “We're already in our third year. Hell, we graduate in less than a year. I was wondering what comes after that.”
There are no colleges here. If you wanna go to one, you're forced to leave the island. As for work, going off island is the only choice.
I've lived here my whole life. I've left for vacations and whatnot, but I've never lived off island.
It's not that I have a particular desire to leave the island, it's more a vague sense of anxiety about being forced to leave.
Akiho: “Hmm... I've never really given it much thought.”
Kaito: “Even though it's already June?”
Akiho: “Right now, I'm completely focused on Gunvarrel.”
Kaito: “You make it sound like there was a time when you weren't.”
Akiho truly loves robots.
Kaito: “If you focus too much on that, it'll be too late and you're gonna have to wait another year to go to college.”
Kaito: “It's not like our lives are coming to an end once that robot is finished. We've still got a ways ahead of us.”
Completing the robot doesn't mean we all live happily ever after, roll credits. We've got normal lives to live.
Akiho: “Well, it'll all work out!”
Akiho: “And why are we even talking about something so boring?”
Kaito: “Ahaha, I guess you've got a point.”
Akiho: “I think you should dream more! Follow the star of hope!”
Akiho: “Wanna go for a run?!”
Kaito: “Where to?”
Akiho: “Into the sunset!”
Kaito: “You just want to run, don't you? And the sun isn't even setting yet.”
Akiho: “It's about the feeling!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, sometimes you're way too much of a positive thinker.”
Akiho: “That's not it. It's just that as long as you don't give up, you can make your wishes come true!”
Kaito: “That's what people refer to as positive thinking, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “Don't forget that the results of the match are sometimes determined before it even starts thanks to character stats.”
Akiho: “???”
It's a fighting game thing.
So, it's entirely true that I've done no prep when it comes to anything beyond high school.
I blame it on the illusion that time has stopped on the island. It just makes you forget about the future entirely.
You end up thinking that things'll just go on like this forever.
And I don't mean that in the sense that I hope these perfect days will never end or whatever.
When time stops, so too does your ability to think.
And yet, even when you realize this is the case, it's still a pain in the ass to try and think about what comes next.
In the end...
As long as I can keep gaming, I don't care what happens.
That's how I continue putting everything off.
Akiho: “Nnn... Aah...!”
Akiho stretches out as though she's putting a period on the conversation.
Akiho: “Anyway, I'm thinking about heading to the hangar for maintenance.”
The Robotics Club has its own hangar.
The ‘dream’ that Akiho and the Robotics Club have been working on is stored there.
Kaito: “Do your best, Madam President.”
Akiho: “Kaiii, you're coming too!”
Kaito: “Hmm...? Then you know what the deal is.”
Akiho: “... That again?”
Kaito: “Of course. How many times have I told you? If you want me to do something, you have to beat me in a match.”
I quickly whip out my PokeCom and take position.
Kaito: “One round in Kill-Ballad. You game?”
Akiho: “Grrr...!”
Akiho replies unenthusiastically and takes out her PokeCom in resignation.
Akiho: “If I win, you really have to do what I say!”
Kaito: “IF you win. But I doubt it, seeing as you're 0:10.”
0:10 are her odds of winning.
There's a 0% chance that Akiho wins and a 100% chance that I walk away the victor.
I chuckle to myself and boot up Kill-Ballad.
Kaito: “Let's see if you've improved any.”
Akiho: “No holding back!”
Akiho: “Ugh... If I lose, that's 400 times in a row... Anything but that...!”
Kaito: “I'm pretty sure you're fudging the numbers. I've won way more times than that.”
Akiho: “G-Grrr...”
Kaito: “Oh, so that's your strat, eh? Hmm...”
Akiho: “Ah, I messed up!”
Kaito: “I personally recommend calming down, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “Aaaaand I win.”
Kaito: “Weak as always, Aki-chan!”
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
Kaito: “Whoa, hey!”
Akiho suddenly starts ruffling my hair with both of her hands.
She's always been like this. Whenever she gets too frustrated, she messes up my hair. What'd my hair ever do to her...?
Akiho: “You never go easy on me!”
Kaito: “Uh, who was it that said no holding back?”
Plus, my fighting game philosophy is to always go all out no matter who I'm facing.
I watch with a wry smile as Akiho stands up and storms off into the distance.
