Whenever I come here, I can feel my spirits being lifted pretty much immediately. It makes me wanna run around like a little puppy, to be honest.
A heroic piece of music starts playing in my mind. If I'm not careful, I'll start humming it aloud.
The Old Tanegashima Airport.
It's about a 10-minute walk from school. It was closed down and abandoned 13 years ago, so nobody visits it now.
It hasn't been maintained for years, so the asphalt is cracked and the weeds've moved in like they own the joint.
While spacious, there's not much here, which means no electricity, either. Since the area's flat, the wind is super strong, so I'm forced to hold my skirt down.
Still, it's the perfect environment for the Robotics Club's hangar.
Ordinary high school students would never be able to acquire such a wide, flat piece of land like this, especially one no one ever visits.
The airport apron in front of my eyes is about the size of the sports grounds, and an even longer runway continues past it.
From end to end, it's about 1,600 meters long.
It takes around 30 minutes to walk the whole way. It's also several times wider than a standard road.
I can't get enough of this feeling of spaciousness and freedom. It's one you just can't get on an ordinary road.
Right now, Kai's laying down outstretched in the middle of the runway, PokeCom in hand.
Akiho: “Is he gaming again...?”
After I lost to him pretty badly in our Kill-Ballad match, Kai decided to slack off like no man has ever slacked off before.
But you know what? He still came with me instead of going home, so I can't be too mad.
He's just shy is all.
Akiho: “...”
I put those thoughts asides and take a key out of my skirt pocket.
The Robotics Club hangar is at the edge of the airport apron.
It was originally a parking garage for vehicles used to refuel fire trucks and aircrafts.
You might ask, why are we using an abandoned airport's parking garage as a hangar?
Patience. The reason is inside the building.
Akiho: “Open hatch.”
I say that to myself as I raise the shutters and step inside.
Akiho: “Cough... cough...”
It's so dusty in here, it's making me cough.
With no windows to be found, it's fairly dark.
Enshrined in the center of that dark space is the crystallization of the Robotics Club's sweat and tears.
The Life-Size Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1.
Nickname: GunBuild-1.
When the Robotics Club was first founded eight years ago, this was its greatest goal. Its dream.
A project to build the giant robot of justice, Gunvarrel, at life-size.
Also known as the ‘GunBuild Project.’
He's still incomplete, so the upper and lower parts are kept apart, but he'll stand over 10 meters tall when completed.
The final goal is to have a someone ride inside and pilot it. The club has been chipping away at this for eight years.
Though to be perfectly honest, he hasn't moved even once yet...
One of the reasons it's taken so long is because high school clubs don't get much in the way of funding.
Even then, I have a lot of respect for our founder having the foresight to build a giant robot before the robot boom even started. 
I say that, but the founding member and creator of the GunBuild-1 blueprints is none other than my older sister.
She's got serious negotiating skills.
When she founded the Robotics Club, she also managed to acquire special permission to use this old airport.
She even negotiated with the small workshops around the island so that she could get their scraps for free.
Heck, she even convinced JAXA themselves to donate the parts they didn't need anymore.
It's thanks to her that the Robotics Club is still using the old airport hangar and working on GunBuild-1 to this day.
All around the world, huge companies are funding giant robot development. They obviously have deeper pockets than us.
Compared to their robots, GunBuild-1 must be a shabby, janky, underpowered piece of junk.
But I refuse to stop working on him. There's no way I can stop halfway through.
I want to complete him.
This is the dream I inherited from the original members of the Robotics Club. My sister's dream.
Speaking of Big Sis, she currently works at a company in Tokyo. She doesn't live on the island anymore.
The current (and maybe even last) president of the Robotics Club is none other than me, her little sister.
There's gotta be some sort of meaning to all this.
Maybe this is fate. It has to be...
Misaki: “No matter what you do, you'll always be average, Aki.”
Without thinking, I squeeze my chest tightly.
Akiho: “Ngh...”
The inside of my chest feels tight.
I feel like throwing up.
I shake my head and slap my cheeks with my hands.
Akiho: “Our barrage is too weak! What are you doing?!”
I clench both my fists and psych myself up.
I pull a can of oil from the shelf in the corner and pour it into an oiler.
Even though GunBuild-1 has never actually moved on his own, I still can't slack on maintenance.
In fact, without exception, I bet past club members would all say that our main activity is maintenance, not building.
You can't build something without parts.
And we rarely get any of those.
That's why there's been such little progress on that end. So in light of that, we kill time doing maintenance.
Since Kai and I are the only remaining members of the Robotics Club, it falls on me to do all the maintenance myself.
Once a month, I spend about an hour chipping away at the task alone.
While working, I'm free from unnecessary thoughts.
I just want to finish this darn machine as soon as possible...
Even impatient stuff like that is blown away, so I honestly don't mind this kind of work.
Akiho: “Welp, let's get to it!”
With oiler in hand, I crawl onto one of the shins on the lower portion of GunBuild-1.
It's about 1.2 meters high. From that height, I can see Kai lying down on the runway.
Akiho: “Help me out... This is not a warning. If you resist, I'll shoot.”
I hold the oiler like a gun and aim it at Kai.
Akiho: “Special attack! Gunval Ankh Striker! Zoom boom shizaaam!”
I thrust out my fist.
Of course, the runway is several hundred meters away, so there's no way Kai's going to react.
Akiho: “Futile indeed...”
I undo my pose.
I crawl onto the knee of GunBuild-1 and pour oil through the joint onto the cam of the servomotor.
Kaito: “I dunno. I just had this kinda listless feeling,like this place had been left behindby time or something.”
I recall what Kai said earlier.
Akiho: “Left behind, huh...?”
I never thought I'd hear words like that from Kai, the guy who usually just games without a worry in the world.
But quite frankly, I don't really get complicated stuff like that, and it's not like I have the time to stop and think.
This oversized child of mine...
I need to complete GunBuild-1, no matter what.
If I don't finish him by graduation, there'll be no Robotics Club members left to inherit the task of finishing him.
That's why I need to complete GunBuild-1 with my own two hands, using the six months I have left.
Akiho: “That's what it is to be young.”
I mutter the words of a certain someone in red whom I admire and continue pouring oil.
