Announcer: “Ladies and gentlemen, it's time for the ROBO-ONE 41 Grand Finals: The Skyhigh Burning!”
Announcer: “In the Blue corner! From the Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club, TanegashiMachine 3 Custom!”
The finals ring sits in the center of the arena, illuminated by spotlights. It's extremely hard to miss.
We walk across the elevated passageway and toward the ring.
I can hear the cheers coming from the bleachers loud and clear despite the size of the arena.
It's amazing that there are so many people willing to cheer for some no-name high schoolers.
Or maybe they're just cheering because they're just fans of Misa-nee?
Whatever the case may be, I can feel my heart racing in response to the cheers.
Somehow we managed to advance all the way to the grand finals, but I'm not really sure how to feel.
I think I'm finally starting to get fired up after all this time.
The amount of attention you get on a stage like this is unlike any other. The crowd's hype is infectious.
But on the other hand...
The ticking time bomb is like a lump in the back of my throat, holding me back from actually getting into it.
I'm trying to be optimistic, hoping that I won't have an attack because I've made it this far without one...
But that's the same reason why I'm dreading the very real possibility that I might have one in the middle of the final match.
Announcer: “Successors to Senomiya Misaki's legacy, this club brings with them howling winds from across the ocean.”
Announcer: “Thanks to their innovative control scheme and their skilled operator, Yashio Kaito, they've arrived at the finals!”
Announcer: “Will the Chuo Tanegashima High School Robotics Club be able to reclaim their glory from nine years ago?!”
Akiho: “This is kinda embarrassing...”
Akiho: “Big Sis really is super popular...”
I can sense the loneliness in her words.
But I decide not to think too deeply about that right now.
I want to avoid any unnecessary drama before the match.
Announcer: “And now, in the Red corner! The champion of ROBO-ONE 39 and ROBO-ONE 40, Mr. Pleiades and M45!”
As if summoned by the announcer, he appears in a spotlight of red on the opposite passageway.
He's wearing a mask and an absurd outfit, calmly waving to the crowd.
Announcer: “The comet rains upon ROBO-ONE! His dreadful range captures all who stand in his way! None can escape his evil clutches!”
Announcer: “His identity remains shrouded in mystery, and what a mystery it is, folks! However, everyone knows his strength!”
Announcer: “Now, Mr. Pleiades! Show us the shining brilliance of your 400 light-years once again!”
Mr. Pleiades slowly makes his way to the other side of the ring.
Mr. Pleiades: “Alcyone. Electra. Maia. Taygeta. Celaeno. Asterope. Merope.”
Er, he's starting to mutter something...
Is this some kind of mind control? Should I be covering my ears right now?
Mr. Pleiades: “By the blessings of the Seven Sisters, I descend to earth from 400 light-years away!”
Mr. Pleiades: “I am...”
“Mr. Pleiades!”
Erk, what the heck is this...? I'm getting goosebumps, and not in a good way.
The fact that all the spectators are doing it with him is the only thing keeping me grounded.
When I remember that the person inside is Hidaka-kun, I start feeling real agitated.
Akiho: “Oh my gosh, it's the real Mr. Pleiades! I should ask for his autograph later.”
Mitsuhiko: “You think we can sell that autograph on TabAuc?”
Akiho: “Mitchie, you're the worst...”
Kaito: “So, hey...”
Are these two pretending not to notice?
Is this some kinda prank? I'm gonna be real pissed if they're messing with me just before the finals.
I call out to Mr. Pleiades.
Kaito: “You're Hidaka-kun, right?”
Mr. Pleiades: “...!”
Akiho: “K-Kai?! Are you still going on about that?!”
Kaito: “Oh come on, it's gotta be him. I wasn't sure with just the photo, but now I am. It's him. Right, Hidaka-kun?”
Mitsuhiko: “Hidaka? You mean the second year at our school? That Hidaka?”
Kaito: “Yeah. Mitchie, you can totally tell, right?”
Mitsuhiko: “Hrrrm?”
Mitchie squints as he looks carefully at Pleiades.
He eventually turns and starts laughing at me.
Mitsuhiko: “There's no way that Hidaka-kun would be here. You're such a goober, Yashio!”
That's the exact same way that Akiho reacted yesterday...
Am I being punked?
But why?
Akiho: “Kai, are you okay? If you're freaking out because you're nervous, I get it. My hands've been shaking like crazy for a while now...”
Akiho: “But please stay calm, okay? Man... I should've brought another piece of candy with me...”
For some reason, Akiho's pitying me.
Akiho: “Here's a tip, Kai. All those who wear masks are super-classy types.”
What in the world is this no-good president talking about?
Mitsuhiko: “Just stay focused on the match, Yashio. It's just like taking an entrance exam. That's a pro tip.”
And what in the world is this no-good advisor going on about?
I'm just about done with all this.
Kaito: “Yo, Hidaka-kun. I don't get this Pleiades stuff, but how about you get rid of that dumb costume and mask?”
Announcer: “Ohoh?! The Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club has started taunting Mr. Pleiades!”
Announcer: “C'mon, champ! Show them who the boss is!”
Mr. Pleiades: “I-I'm not this Hidaka you speak of.”
Mr. Pleiades: “I am... Mr. Pleiades!”
It's pretty easy to see that he's a little embarrassed.
He's really pushing it. This whole thing is basically school-play quality.
Kaito: “You want me to play along with this craziness? Aki-chan, Mitchie... Are you guys punking me right now?”
Akiho: “Punking you...?”
Okay, she's not. Akiho's a horrible liar.
Which means...
She seriously doesn't notice?
Kaito: “Well, whatever, it makes no difference to me. It's just, you're like a completely different person than you are on the island, Hidaka-kun.”
Mr. Pleiades: “I haven't the slightest idea of what you're talking about.”
Doesn't look like I'm getting through to him.
Eh, I don't want my focus broken by something this dumb either.
If this is how he wants to do things, fine. Be my guest.
Judge: “Contestants, get ready.”
Akiho: “Ah, okay!”
Akiho places the Honorary Prez in the ring and turns its power on.
Pleiades' robot, M45, isn't much larger than the Prez. It's also a lightweight model.
Which means it's going to rely largely on grabbing and throwing.
I watched his matches in the semi-finals, so I'm more than aware of his strategy.
Its thin arms are deceptively strong. As soon as I get in range, they'll overpower me. Once that happens, Prez'll get tossed straight to the ground.
Despite being lightweight, I've seen it throw around heavyweight robots without breaking a sweat.
I've also gotten a good handle on Pleiades' strategy after watching the semi-finals.
His style is definitely more proficient than the other operators.
Thus far, he's constantly waited for his opponent to strike, then countered whenever he had the opportunity.
Get too close and you'll get grabbed and taken for a ride.
The problem is that I can't attack unless I get close.
In terms of functionality, Prez is at a disadvantage. As usual.
I'll start things off by watching him carefully.
Akiho: “Kai.”
Akiho gently places her hand on top of mine. The one holding the PokeCom.
Akiho: “You can do this, Kai.”
She says it like she's comforting a child.
Aren't I supposed to be the guardian here?
Kaito: “...Aki-chan, that doesn't mean much coming from you.”
Akiho: “...Thank goodness. I'm glad you're not weirdly nervous anymore.”
I didn't say that Mr. Pleiades' true identity is Hidaka Subaru because of nerves. I'm not letting this go.
Akiho: “It's thanks to you that we've made it this far.”
Akiho: “This is the last match. You've got this!”
Ugh... Well, whatever. Her baseless, ridiculous optimism is what makes Akiho who she is.
Akiho: “If we win, we won't be treated like some old club nobody wants around anymore.”
Akiho: “Let's win this, Kai...!”
Akiho: “Let's win and go home with our heads held high!”
Kaito: “Thanks for the words of encouragement, Madam President. I'll give it my best shot.”
But these are just words of consolation.
Akiho's encouragement doesn't resonate with me.
Looks like I'm really gonna have to compete in the finals with this ticking time bomb still active...
I take a deep breath and clutch my PokeCom tightly.
