Night comes quick on the island.
Once the sun goes down, the scenery rapidly fades into the darkness.
Unlike a city, the island's countryside doesn't have many places with their lights still on at night. Honestly, there's nowhere to go even if you stayed out late.
That's why students like us normally go home before sunset.
At the very least, I've only ever stayed at school this late—7:30 p.m.—once or twice.
Most of the lights are off. There's probably a few teachers still around in the faculty room, so it'd make sense for the lights to still be on, but they don't reach the courtyard.
In the distance, I can barely see the lights coming from town and the cars driving about.
The moon's up in the sky. It's pretty round, but it's not quite a full moon.
And to the north—the direction of the new airport—the sky oozes red.
The aurora is in full swing yet again.
Kaito: “Aki-chaaan, let's go home already.”
Akiho: “Nn, just a little longer...”
Akiho is still doing her assembly work.
She finished the servomotor tests a while ago, and now she's putting the screws back from whence they came.
With only the Robotics Club's desk lamp to guide her, she immerses herself in her work, her brow covered in sweat.
She looks like an engineer.
Even I can see her extraordinary zeal.
Akiho: “You can go home if you want.”
She continues to work carefully as she says that.
I shrug my shoulders and sit on the lawn in front of the clubroom.
Kaito: “That's not happening.”
I'm Akiho's watchdog, after all.
If Akiho is going to keep working, I'm sticking with her.
It doesn't really bother me anyway, to be honest.
Though that isn't to say I plan on lending a hand or anything.
Akiho: “Aaah!”
Akiho lets out what sounds like a scream of terror and starts panicking.
Akiho: “I dropped a screw!”
The light in the cramped room bobs up and down. She's probably using the desk lamp to search for the screw, but I can't say I'm real confident she'll find it in that darkness.
Kaito: “That's why I said we should go home already.”
Akiho: “Aw man, what should I do? Heeey, little screw! Come on out!”
Mitsuhiko: “You guys...!”
Mitchie, our delinquent club advisor, appears with flashlight in hand. He's even less interested in coming to club than I am.
Kaito: “Rare seeing you here, Mitchie.”
Mitsuhiko: “It is my job, after all. Listen up. Your teacher's gonna drop some knowledge on those brains of yours, so get ready.”
Mitsuhiko: “It's 7:30 right now, and school regulations say that students must head out by 7:00. That's a pro tip.”
Kaito: “There you have it, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “But the screw...”
Kaito: “How about giving up and searching tomorrow? The screw's not going anywhere.”
Akiho: “Tch!”
Mitsuhiko: “I'll throw you out the school gates myself if I have to, got that? Like how lions'll push their young off a cliff.”
Akiho seemingly gives in and leaves the clubroom behind her.
Wanting to preserve the interior exactly as she left it, she carefully closes the door.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, don't push yourself too hard.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I know. I'm okay. I should be fine to get home.”
Akiho: “Thanks for staying with me this late.”
Mitsuhiko: “Studying for final exams? I can dig that! ROBO-ONE is important, but don't forget that you're all students first!”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “...”
For just a moment, the air around us freezes.
Mitsuhiko: “Hrm? Something wrong?”
Akiho: “U-Um, when do final exams start again?”
Kaito: “Wait, don't tell me... next week?”
Mitsuhiko: “Yup, that's it. That's why you guys were here studying so late, right?”
I totally forgot...!
Looks like Akiho is in the same position as I am. She's gone pale, and her entire body is shaking.
I-If we started cramming now... would we make it in time...?
Suddenly, Akiho clutches my shoulder.
There's a forced smile on her face.
I can tell because her eyes have totally glazed over.
Akiho: “Kai, let's just give up.”
Kaito: “On what?!”
Akiho: “On the tests!”
Kaito: “Seriously?!”
Akiho: “C'mon Kai, you're not gonna betray me, right?”
Akiho: “We're both part of the same Robotics Club, right? Right? That means we die together too, Kai!”
Well, it's not like me or Akiho ever did particularly well on tests anyway, so...
Are we set to fail...?
