After handing Akiho off to her mother, I drive home alone on my scooter. I end up stopping at a neighborhood park along the way to stretch my legs.
The park is poorly lit, so it's pitch black. The red aurora in the night sky stands out even more as a result.
Up until four years ago, it was possible to see Tanegashima Space Center rocket launches from here in Uchugaoka Park.
The park has the kanji for “Space” in its name, but it isn't exactly that cosmic anymore. All it has to offer now is a dog-walking trail.
Half the stairs up to the viewing area have rusted away. When I was in grade school, there was a ‘do not use’ sign displayed in front of them.
The go-kart track and the Minamitane Community Center at the park have been abandoned for over 10 years. Even the newer one they built near there has been shut down.
But despite that... Or rather, because of that...
This is my favorite spot, even now.
At night, it's completely silent. Nobody comes here.
Plus, it's close to my house. Not even five minutes by scooter.
Here, I can sink into the darkness with nobody around to bother me. Just me and some quality time with Kill-Ballad.
There's something mysterious about it. My nerves get sharper than usual, and I can focus better when I'm here.
I come here when I want to get some serious play in, like when I'm pushing for the #1 spot.
I sometimes chat with people from Tokyo when I play. They rag on me for only winning because I play in quiet spots.
In Tokyo, they still have these mythical, holy sanctuaries called arcades. I guess it's common to have crowds watch you play.
Same with tournaments held overseas and stuff.
A gallery of thousands of people sitting in a massive hall. Everything is so loud you can't even hear the game.
Players get up on stage and fight against their opponent, who sits right next to them.
I guess you're not a true fighting game player unless you can win in a situation like that.
But as someone who barely ever leaves Tanegashima, what's that got to do with me?
This is my playstyle, and it's helped me climb up to the spot of fifth best in the world.
I don't care if people hate on me or my strats.
This stage helps me win.
Anyway, time to get started...
Or not. I get a call on my PokeCom.
Who the hell is it now? Ugh...
Kaito: “Accept call.”
Akiho: “Kai!”
As soon as I answer, Akiho's loud voice resounds.
Kaito: “Are you feeling okay now?”
Akiho: “Oh, yeah, I've settled down. I just got home! Thanks, Kai.”
Akiho: “But more importantly, we gotta talk about what you said earlier!”
Akiho... you're too close to the camera, and you're being way too loud.
You'd never guess this was the same girl who had an attack earlier this evening.
Kaito: “You mean the whole ‘me being the operator’ thing?”
Akiho: “Yeah! That! You had one condition, right?!”
Kaito: “Correct. You gotta change the control scheme to Kill-Ballad's. Can you do it?”
Akiho: “No, I can't...”
Akiho: “But! I think it's an amazing idea!”
Akiho is crazy excited.
Akiho: “I never even considered that as a possibility!”
Akiho: “Hobby robot controls fused with a fighting game combat system... it's genius! You could win the Nobel Prize!”
Kaito: “Let's not get carried away.”
Akiho: “I'm not!”
Akiho: “So, if you were to use the KB combat system, that would mean you'd be using a PokeCom as a controller. Just imagining it is getting me excited!”
Akiho: “Argh, if only we had a year to prepare...!”
But we don't. Including today, we have three days left.
Plus, we gotta leave the island for Tokyo on Friday evening, so tomorrow is our last real day for prep.
We're at a complete deadlock.
There's nothing we can possibly do.
Akiho: “Aw, man... and you finally got motivated and everything...”
Kaito: “I wouldn't call this motivated. It'd just be a problem if you went and collapsed again. That's all.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I know. I was just happy to hear you say it is all.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “I only wish you could've said it a week earlier...”
Akiho: “Anyway, I'll try and figure something out for tomorrow and the day after.”
Akiho: “Well then, good night!”
Kaito: “Yeah. Good night.”
After I disconnect, I sigh to myself.
Deep down, I kinda hoped she'd just give up.
Kaito: “Like Aki-chan would ever do that...”
I've been iffy about this ROBO-ONE thing from the get-go. It's obvious the VP is just toying with us.
Kaito: “Open message.”
What is this?
The text is all garbled.
Considering it's just gibberish, I delete it.
Kaito: “Start Kill-Ballad.”
Time to get back on schedule. I boot up Kill-Ballad.
Even if we did make an appearance at ROBO-ONE, there's no way we'd be able to win with Misa-nee's control scheme.
It'd be humiliating to go to Tokyo, lose pathetically, and then come back to the island to see the VP's self-satisfied grin.
Plus, the only way we'd ever be able to implement Kill-Ballad's control scheme would be if we asked the game's creator.
Kaito: “Speak of the devil...!”
I get matched up with none other than Frau Koujiro.
What's going on here?
Talk about perfect timing.
Hmm...
I still remember the joking attitude with which they accused me of being a cheater.
Whatever, it's water under the bridge. I've got nothing to lose.
I know now that Frau Koujiro doesn't use VC. While that's annoying to me personally, I can still use text chat.
Ignoring the actual match, I start typing on the touch screen.
UMISHO: Evening. Thanks for messaging me the other day.
UMISHO: Just so you know, I don't cheat.
UMISHO: I have no idea who told you that was the case, but it's not true.
UMISHO: By the way, I know this is sudden, but I have a request.
UMISHO: Have you heard of ROBO-ONE?
UMISHO: I'm set to appear in the tournament this weekend.
UMISHO: And so, I was thinking of trying to use Kill-Ballad's control scheme...
UMISHO: With the hobby robot I'm entering ROBO-ONE with.
UMISHO: I know this is a ridiculous request, but...
UMISHO: Could you share the Kill-Ballad source code with me?
UMISHO: If it'll make me easier to trust, I'll happily tell you my identity.
UMISHO: My name is Yashio Kaito, and I live in Tanegashima. I'm a third year at Chuo Tanegashima High.
UMISHO: Do you want my home address, too?
Kaito: “...No reply, huh?”
Giving away the source code to some random high school kid online would be the epitome of stupid. You'd basically be giving away your entire fortune.
I doubt anything'll come of this.
And as expected, Frau Koujiro disconnects from the lobby without saying a word.
I must've really put them off...
I gaze up at the night sky.
I feel like I could see way more stars back in the day.
But the crimson stain in the northern sky has made it pretty hard to spot stars these days.
Tokyo's at a higher latitude than Tanegashima, right? I wonder what the aurora looks like over there...
