I glance outside the window and see no sign of the rain stopping. It's been coming down hard since this morning.
It's a little chilly in short sleeves.
But hey, it's finally lunchtime. I watch my classmates pull their lunches out from their bags.
The class rep stands in front of the blackboard. “I'll be collecting money for lunches now!”
Now, what should I do? It's raining, but I'm thinking I'll just grab some bread at Mizuka-san's store and—
School Announcement: “Class 3-2, Robotics Research Club members Senomiya Akiho-san and Yashio Kaito-kun, please come to the faculty room.”
School Announcement: “I repeat: Robotics Research Club members Senomiya Akiho-san and Yashio Kaito-kun, please come to the faculty room.”
Kaito: “Ugh, what...?”
I'm momentarily dumbfounded by the sudden broadcast.
Akiho quickly stands up from her seat.
When our eyes meet, she flashes me a triumphant grin.
Akiho: “The time has come!”
Kaito: “Has it really though, Aki-chan...?”
Our classmates are giving us weird looks.
Mihama: “Yashio, what the hell'd you do?”
Nagamine: “Maybe the Robotics Club's finally getting disbanded?”
Mihama: “You should challenge the vice principal to a match to save your club. Hahaha.”
Ignoring their heckling, I shrug my shoulders as I exit the classroom.
Akiho follows after me.
Her expression is bursting with energy. It wouldn't be far off to say her entire body is glowing, and that her eyes are shining with hope.
Akiho: “The voice on that broadcast was Vice Principal Usui, wasn't it?”
Kaito: “Dunno. She wasn't freaking out, so I couldn't tell.”
Akiho: “This has gotta be about the club budget. The vice principal is finally willing to meet with us!”
Akiho: “Ooooh, I'm getting fired up...!”
Kaito: “I don't know if this is the right time for optimism...”
Kaito: “And also, why did I get called in too?”
Akiho: “Because you're in the Robotics Club too, duh! Now, let's go!”
I follow the high-spirited Akiho to the faculty room, gently running my hand over my stomach.
Couldn't this have waited till after I had lunch...?
Akiho: “Excuse us!”
Akiho yanks open the door vigorously and announces her arrival in a loud voice, barging into the faculty room shortly after.
I politely nod to the faculty around us and follow her inside.
As I explained, this whole thing started with Akiho. In April, there was a student council meeting.
Club budgets were to be determined there, so Akiho attended and demanded a tenfold increase to our funding.
I did my best to stop her beforehand, but...
Despite the club being a shadow of its former self, it was well funded. Other clubs complained about it all the time.
Akiho just had to go and throw oil onto the fire. She refused to back down, and naturally the council had enough of it.
Akiho got in trouble once the VP caught wind, and things got worse when she started making her demands directly to her. She wasn't the least bit repentant, either.
In the end, the VP went ballistic.
And so here we are, with all funding to the Robotics Club on indefinite hold. Pretty definitive message of “Cool your heads for the time being!”
...And that about sums up the current state of affairs.
Akiho: “Vice Principal! Robotics Club members Senomiya Akiho and Yashio Kaito are here as asked!”
Vice Principal Usui: “...”
The vice principal looks at Akiho and responds with silence. Her intensity alone makes me want to get the heck out of here.
Vice Principal Usui started working at this school four years ago.
She seems like a very uptight, stubborn mom who'd be obsessed with her kids' education. The type that doesn't smile much and is ridiculously strict with her students. 
During assemblies, she loves to bark orders hysterically at the student body using the mic on stage.
People here are fairly easygoing, which makes her pretty unusual... Then again, I guess there are some faculty members who don't live on the island.
Nevertheless, the vice principal looks as menacing as always today.
It's extremely clear to me that she's in an awful mood.
I don't think this is going to go as well as Akiho seems to believe...
Akiho: “This is about the club budget, right? Thank you for finally making a decision!”
Akiho: “We should get straight to the point! Considering our tight schedule, I'd like the money as soon as possible.”
Akiho's words and actions, while innocent, are putting me on edge.
Who knows when the vice principal is going to flip her lid at this point?
Vice Principal Usui: “Senomiya-san, it seems you have yet to cool your head.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Very well. I'd once again like to hear your justification for such a senseless club funding request.”
Um... the fact that she's not getting angry is scary in and of itself...
She'd normally start squawking at us right about now, but this calmness makes me feel like she's in control.
Akiho: “Hehe, oh c'mon, there's no need for that. I've already told you a bunch of times.”
Vice Principal Usui: “That's precisely why I said ‘again.’”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho flashes me a troubled expression for just a moment, straightens up her back, and starts explaining.
Akiho: “The Tokyo Expo takes place in February of next year.”
Akiho: “With robots from around the world set to appear there, this Expo has already been nicknamed the ‘Robot Expo’ by many.”
Akiho: “This is the important part. During the Expo, there's going to be a contest held among all displays.”
Akiho: “They're gonna decide who the best, most polished robot in the world is among the entrants, and the best one'll be the Grand Prize winner!”
Akiho: “Unlike previous Expos, this one is open to the general public, so we can compete too!”
Akiho: “So long story short, our club is entering our giant robot of justice, Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1, into the Expo!”
Akiho: “But with our current budget, there's no way we'll be able to finish it in time.”
Akiho: “In order to complete it in half a year, we need every last bit of money we can get!”
Yup. This is Akiho's reasoning.
She's determined to enter our club into the Tokyo Expo. This is one dream she absolutely refuses to budge on.
Hell, I want to support her too, if possible.
But there are a quite a few hurdles in the way.
Vice Principal Usui: “Senomiya-san, have you learned nothing?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Your explanation just now was completely unchanged from the ones you gave me before.”
Akiho: “Of course.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Hahh...”
Vice Principal Usui: “Do you really think we're just going to give you money because you wish to go to the Expo?”
She makes a very good point.
Vice Principal Usui: “And what has the Robotics Club done as of late? What achievements do you have to speak of?”
Vice Principal Usui: “As for that gigantic robot body—”
Akiho: “The giant robot of justice, Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1. Aka, GunBuild-1.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Call it what you will...”
Vice Principal Usui: “That robot has been under construction for eight years, yet still shows no sign of completion!”
Akiho: “Which is exactly why we need the money to finish it in half a year—”
Vice Principal Usui: “It does not matter how much money you get your hands on when you only have two club members to speak of.”
Akiho: “That's not true! I'll complete him no matter what!”
Vice Principal Usui: “On what grounds?”
Akiho: “...Through sheer willpower.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Unacceptable.”
Akiho: “Uuugh...”
Vice Principal Usui: “At any rate, does the robot have to be that large? I believe it would be more appropriate to build a robot the size of one of our students, yes?”
Vice Principal Usui: “If you did as such, you would not require the excessive funding you requested—”
Akiho: “But, but!”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1 is the crystallization of the Robotics Club's sweat and tears. It's my dream to bring him to the Expo!”
Akiho: “I can't back down on this!”
Vice Principal Usui: “You're being preposterous!”
Akiho: “‘No one likes to admit to mistakes they've made because of their youth.’”
Vice Principal Usui: “E-Excuse me?!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, what are you saying...? This is already hard enough as it is...!”
I know Akiho can get emotional.
I know plenty well how strong her feelings are for the Robotics Club.
But this isn't how we win over the vice principal...
The two of them glare at one another.
If I'm not careful, there's no doubt I'll get dragged into it too. The teachers seem to agree, as the faculty room is silent.
Vice Principal Usui: “Hmph. Very well, Senomiya-san. How about this?”
Unexpectedly, the one to break the silence is the vice principal.
Vice Principal Usui: “I need to see results from the Robotics Research Club.”
Akiho: “Results?”
Vice Principal Usui: “The Robotics Club exists because your sister did great things. That's why her association was promoted to a club.”
Vice Principal Usui: “You should learn from her example.”
Oh crap, I've got a bad feeling about this...
Vice Principal Usui: “Nagafukada-sensei!”
Mitsuhiko: “Huh...? Y-YESH?!”
At the sound of the vice principal's sharp voice, Mitchie, dozing off at his own seat, jumps to his feet.
He basically tumbles his way over to the vice principal's desk.
Mitsuhiko: “Vice Principal, wh-what do you need?!”
Vice Principal Usui: “That robot competition you mentioned the other day... Explain it once more.”
Mitsuhiko: “Oh, uh, ROBO-ONE is going to be held in Tokyo on the Sunday two weeks from now!”
Vice Principal Usui: “Naturally, you're aware of this, Senomiya-san?”
ROBO-ONE is a hobby robot competition. Entrants from all over Japan pit their robots against each other in combat.
Its history goes back over 15 years, and due to the robot boom, broadcasts of ROBO-ONE get high viewership ratings.
The year that the Robotics Club began as a student association, they won the championship in their debut appearance.
That victory is what the vice principal was referencing earlier.
That was the great thing that Misa-nee did, convincing the school to promote the association into a club.
Although these days, it's just some past glory that'll remain forever out of reach.
Akiho: “You want us to enter?”
Vice Principal Usui: “That's correct. However, you must not just enter.”
Vice Principal Usui: “You must win.”
Kaito: “Wha...”
Vice Principal Usui: “That's what it means to produce results.”
Vice Principal Usui: “If you can produce such results, the school will consider your funding proposal, Senomiya-san.”
Vice Principal Usui: “However, should you lose...”
The vice principal clears her throat, seemingly creating a dramatic pause on purpose.
Vice Principal Usui: “The Robotics Club will be disbanded, effective immediately.”
I see... So, that's her aim, eh?
Pretty underhanded tactics for an adult, I gotta say.
Vice Principal Usui: “The large robot you have been building will also be disposed of as scrap!”
Kaito: “Wait, that's a bit too—”
Akiho: “We'll do it!”
Whaaaat?
Akiho: “We just have to win, right? That's a promise! You definitely have to keep your word!”
Vice Principal Usui: “Of course I will. And the Robotics Club must adhere to these conditions as well.”
That's impossible...
ROBO-ONE isn't the same as when Misa-nee competed. Plus, neither me nor Akiho have even been in a competition like that.
In other words, this whole situation was manufactured specifically to crush us.
Kaito: “This is kind of unfa—”
Vice Principal Usui: “End of discussion.”
She swats me down like a fly.
I look toward Mitchie for help.
However, he's standing at attention and grimacing. Wait, are his eyes closed...? Great. Our teacher has completely surrendered to the VP.
What a useless advisor...!
Akiho: “Excuse me...!”
Akiho bows deeply and exits with squared shoulders.
Kaito: “Excuse me...”
I leave the savage atmosphere of the faculty room and take a deep breath.
“This is real bad...” I think to myself as I rub my exceedingly empty stomach.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho still has a stern expression on her face, standing with her fists clenched tight.
I... don't want Akiho to push herself too hard...
Neither of us are in the physical condition for that.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, how about we grab some grub?”
Akiho: “I'll win, no matter what...!”
Kaito: “...That's not gonna happen, no matter what.”
How could we possibly just show up and win?
I saw a couple clips of the New Year's Eve tourney online, and the robots were all incredible.
ROBO-ONE isn't something you can just join and win on a whim.
We have literally nothing working in our favor right now.
Kaito: “It's not possible, Aki-chan. If we're talking ‘go’ or ‘no-go’, this is definitely a ‘no-go.’”
I repeat myself, just to confirm it.
Kaito: “The Robotics Club's finished. It's impressive that we held out this long to begin with.”
I want Akiho to give up.
There's nothing wrong with taking it easy.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “The moment you give up is the moment that achievable dreams become unachievable...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, we don't even have a hobby robot...”
Akiho: “...Oh.”
I can tell by the look on her face that she's finally realized that simple fact.
Kaito: “You really went and accepted the VP's terms without even thinking, huh?”
Akiho: “Kai, wh-what should we do?!”
Kaito: “Don't ask me...”
Akiho: “Geez, you're so lazy! At this rate, the club's gonna be disbanded... Hahh...”
Akiho: “Wait, no, no!”
Akiho: “I won't give up. It's fine. It'll all work out. After all, positive thinking is my only redeeming quality.”
Akiho slaps both of her cheeks in an attempt to pump herself up while she tries to convince herself it'll all be okay.
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Jakiiin!”
In the middle of the hallway, she suddenly thrusts her fist into the air.
Akiho: “C'mon, you do it too, Kai!”
Akiho: “Storm and suuurge!”
Kaito: “No thanks, haha...”
Akiho: “C'mon, do it...”
Not happening. It's way too embarrassing.
Sure enough, everyone around us is looking at us and smirking. Some recognize us as the Robotics Club and immediately understand.
Kaito: “If you want me to do it, face me in Kill-Ballad.”
Akiho: “No way.”
Kaito: “In that case, I'm going to go get lunch. See ya.”
My stomach is at its limit, so I leave Akiho and hurry off.
Akiho: “Blast of spirit! Gunvarrel!”
Despite what she says, I don't really see much spirit...
I open my umbrella and make my way toward the convenience store.
Kaito: “Dreams, huh...?”
Akiho's dream is to enter Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1 into the Expo and win the Grand Prize.
It's fine to have dreams, but...
Right now, we're basically just frogs in a well.
Hell, even within that well, we're still failures...
Kaito: “Having your dreams come true is great and all...”
But if everyone's dreams came true, I don't feel like the world could keep turning.
Only a handful of people can make their dreams come true.
The overwhelming majority of people in the world have no choice but to give up on their dreams.
I'm no exception to the rule.
Akiho was willing to push herself to the limit from the very beginning.
She's the type who charges into things headfirst without even considering her own health.
The club president's been that way since forever.
That's why I want nothing more than to hold her back by her collar and stop her from going any further.
Kaito: “I'm starving...”
Wait, the bell's ringing?!
Is lunch break already over?!
I don't have time to go to Mizuka-san's store...
Kaito: “Man, this sucks...”
As soon as I complain...
My stomach growls again, and I dejectedly return to the classroom, hungry.
Vice Principal Usui: “...Yashio-kun, put that away!”
Kaito: “Oh, sorry.”
I better stash away my PokeCom.
Now's not the time to be fiddling with it.
I'm being lectured, so I should at least pretend to pay attention.
Vice Principal Usui: “So?”
