Judge: “We will now commence with the Grand Finals!”
Judge: “Blue corner, TanegashiMachine 3 Custom. Red corner, M45.”
Judge: “Ready?”
Judge: “Fight!”
As soon as the round begins, I have the Prez crab walk without getting too close to M45 while I watch it carefully.
Meanwhile, M45 immediately advances to the center of the ring, stops, and tries to confront the Prez head on.
Announcer: “M45 takes the center of the ring! It's baiting an attack from TanegashiMachine!”
It's pretty obvious what he's trying to do.
He wants to grab me as soon as I get in range, right?
So, he's turtling?
If this was a fighting game, he'd totally be getting ravaged by the crowd right now.
But either way, this is a problem.
I don't have too many options here.
M45 spreads its arms out like it's trying to taunt me even more.
They're so long...!
M45's arm length is even more apparent when it stretches out like that.
Its arm span is probably longer than its height.
Plus, judging by how bulky they are, Pleiades probably loaded them up with all sorts of gimmicks.
Just thinking about them puts a huge amount of strain on me mentally.
An extraordinary amount of pressure.
With M45's long arms spread out in this narrow ring, I have nowhere to go. I can either jump out the ring, or enter its range.
Either way, I'm on a one-way trip to hell.
He clearly has a good grasp on zoning.
Not bad, Hidaka-kun. Er, Pleiades.
However, M45 has one glaring flaw.
It's slow.
Going by its walking speed, it's super slow for a lightweight robot. Heck, it might even be as slow as Devil Stronger.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, what's your take? Why do you think that thing is so slow?”
Akiho: “Maybe it's the servomotor configuration. It's probably tuned more toward torque, rather than speed.”
Kaito: “Torque?”
Akiho: “Power, basically.”
Huh, I see. Makes sense for a robot that primarily utilizes throws.
Judge: “Fight!”
The referee motions for us to be more proactive.
But M45 barely moves a muscle.
It just stands in the center, following my movement in a circular motion. Except it's not keeping up.
It's way too slow.
I might be able to circle around to its back pretty easily.
No harm in trying. Let's give it a shot.
Before the opponent can change directions, I manage to circle around to its blind spot.
Perfect timing.
Talk about an easy cross up.
I'm pretty much free to do whatever I want. I could throw him, I could...
Mr. Pleiades: “Heh...”
Kaito: “...?!”
I hear Pleiades snicker.
He's way too calm for someone completely vulnerable.
What's going on?
Is this a trap?
I try to put some distance between us as I smell something fishy. That's when M45 makes a bizarre move.
With its hip joint as an axis, the upper body spins 180 degrees.
Kaito: “You...!”
I let my guard down because the robot looks human, but these aren't humans. They're designed to do things humans can't!
I'm backed into a corner.
M45's bulky arms draw near.
At this rate, I'm gonna get grabbed!
He got a hold of me, but I somehow managed to escape.
I gotta move fast.
I quickly dish out some punches with both arms in order to deflect M45's grabs.
The moment I see him staggered, I try to put some distance between us...
Kaito: “...!”
But before I can do anything, M45 motions like it's about to fall over, then grabs onto me with both arms.
Crap...!
By the time I realize what's happened, he's on top of me like some kind of wrestler.
Judge: “Down!”
Akiho: “Aah!”
Kaito: “Tch...”
Announcer: “Dooown! M45 takes the round just like that! Behold Mr. Pleiades' true power!”
Announcer: “His omnidirectional assault has no blind spots! Once he grabs you, there's no escape!”
Announcer: “The TanegashiMachine is already on its last legs!”
This commentator is really starting to piss me off.
His voice echoes so loudly that it's hurting my ears.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, Yashio. Let me tell you about what it means to stay—”
Kaito: “Mitchie, could you shut it for a sec?”
Mitsuhiko: “E-Excuse me?!”
Akiho: “But Kai, how are you going to get close to him...?”
I lightly shrug my shoulders as I use my PokeCom to stand the Prez back up.
Kaito: “I still have a few tricks, but it's gonna be risky.”
If he doesn't have any blind spots, then this is the only way.
Akiho: “What are you gonna do?”
Kaito: “I won't give him time to grab me.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Judge: “TanegashiMachine 3 Custom, one down. Restarting the match.”
The referee announces the match's continuation.
Judge: “Fight!”
If that thing has no blind spots, that means it doesn't matter what direction I attack from.
I'll just break through with a full frontal assault.
Keep in mind, this isn't some last-ditch effort.
The key to everything, once again, is M45's slow movement speed.
Basically, my plan is to attack several times before I can get grabbed.
While it seems similar, this isn't a hit-and-run strat either. Once I attack, I'm staying in until M45 is downed.
This is gonna be an all-or-nothing game of chicken.
Time to begin my approach.
Announcer: “The TanegashiMachine charges in from the front! That's practically BEGGING to be thrown!”
The patient M45 attempts to grab the Prez.
Slow. So slow that I should be able to slip away.
Without a second thought, I charge in without stopping.
Crap, I missed!
But I'm still right up close! It's not over yet!
Akiho: “Gunval Rush! Rush! Gunval Blow!”
Judge: “Down!”
Announcer: “Wh-What the?! TanegashiMachine unleashes a fierce flurry of ferocious attacks! Have we ever seen a hobby robot move like that before?!”
Announcer: “M45 was on the receiving end of four, no, five hits! They were so fast that there was no time for M45 to grab! They were lightning fast!!!”
Akiho: “WHOOOAAAYEAAAAH!”
Akiho pumps her fist into the air.
C'mon. I got one down. That's it.
Take it down a notch, please.
My strat worked, but I doubt Hidaka... er, Pleiades will fall for it twice. He's gonna counter it next time, for sure.
I can't let my guard down yet.
I start trying to focus again.
My anxiety is still more than present.
The reason being the time bomb inside of me, obviously.
I can't predict when I'll get an attack; it just happens without warning. I certainly wish I could predict them, though...
The only thing I know for certain is that I'm more likely to have one when I'm sick, under stress, or emotional.
But I can only speak from experience. I have no idea if those things really have any relation or not.
In less than ten minutes, this match will come to an end.
I hope I can hold out until then.
Judge: “M45, one down. TanegashiMachine 3 Custom, one down. Restarting the match.”
Judge: “Fight!”
Should I wait and see, or should I try to ride this wave of momentum?
I'm thinking the former is the right move here.
Hidaka, er, Pleiades seems oddly calm.
It's too risky to go in without a plan. I should wait for him to make a...
Kaito: “...!”
I immediately take evasive action.
A lightning-fast piercing strike just barely grazes the Prez.
Akiho: “What was that...?!”
I should be out of range.
Hell, I should be so far that I'm not even close to being in range.
Pleiades used a high-speed piercing attack from that far away?!
Akiho: “Kai, again!”
Another one?!
This time, I fail to dodge the attack.
The Prez takes the hit dead on and goes flying out of the ring.
Kaito: “Wha...?”
What was that?
Even as I gaze down at the Prez outside of the ring, I fail to comprehend what just happened.
I should be out of range.
Yet somehow I got hit with a high speed thrusting attack.
Judge: “Down!”
Announcer: “What's this?! M45 had yet another trick up its sleeve!”
Announcer: “Who could've guessed that those mighty bot-shredding arms were also equipped with pool cue-like weapons!”
Announcer: “What a thrill! That's our Mr. Pleiades! This is the power of our two-time champ!”
Akiho: “Pool cue? That was more like a freakin' pile bunker...”
M45 shot what looked to be a spike out from the tip of its arm. This long-range attack far exceeded M45's throw range.
That's how he knocked Prez out of the ring, but where did that range even come from...?
The spike was fired from an insane distance, especially when you consider M45's design.
There's no way it reached me from that far away.
But it did...
Kaito: “The spike wasn't the only factor in play here.”
Kaito: “It twisted its upper body to gain an extra few centimeters of distance...”
M45 can rotate its upper body 180 degrees.
If it stops at the 90-degree point, M45 gains an additional shoulder width's worth of distance.
It's only a few centimeters, but that goes a long way.
The more skilled the opponent, the more effectively you can use that extra distance.
It's key for M45 to bait its prey into entering its range. This prompts the prey to try and strike from outside.
The closer the opponent is to M45's range, the more effective those extra centimeters become.
If the opponent eventually lowers their guard thinking they're out of range, they become easy prey for the pile bunker.
Kaito: “What an absurd weapon you got tucked away in there...”
There was no point to my wait-and-see approach...
I knew he'd end up adapting to my strategy.
Or maybe he came prepared, expecting his opponent to use a strategy like mine.
This hidden weapon completely makes up for M45's lack of speed.
Kaito: “Hidaka Subaru is one talented guy, I'll give him that.”
Mr. Pleiades: “I believe you mean ‘Pleiades.’”
Kaito: “Yeah, sure. Pleiades.”
Whatever, man.
Akiho rushes the Honorary Prez back to the ring.
Meanwhile, I wipe the sweat off of my cheek.
Is it just the heat from the lights above, or is it the hype from the audience?
Or maybe I'm finally feeling backed into a corner and getting nervous as a result?
It feels like we're at a deadlock...
I'm not gonna be able to avoid that pile bunker so easily.
How many times can this thing strike consecutively? It has a huge attack range, yet doesn't leave many openings...
My reaction speed is good enough to deal with it easily... but the Prez isn't fast enough to evade that pile bunker.
Even if I can react in just eight frames, it still won't be enough.
I'd need to finish the command input in one or two frames in order for Prez to have time to dodge.
I guess I could also predict the move beforehand, but...
Reading your opponent like that is a huge gamble.
Even if you manage to evade him once, there's no guarantee you'll be able to do it a second time.
Judge: “M45, one down. TanegashiMachine 3 Custom, two downs. Match point.”
What can the Prez and I do?
What options do we have to get close while avoiding the pile bunker?
Judge: “Ready, fight!”
There's no time to think.
The match resumes.
If I stall for too long, the pile bunker'll come flying.
I'll just have to play footsies until I find an opportunity to close the gap.
I control the Prez with those thoughts at the front of my mind.
Just then, I'm hit with the feeling that something's off.
The controller response is slow...
No, it's on the other end...!
Kaito: “Wait, wait, something's not right!”
Akiho: “Ah, it's the left leg! The knockdown from earlier must've locked up the joints!”
The Prez's left leg is behaving abnormally. Its walk speed is way down, and its movement is really stiff.
Now of all times...?!
Why didn't Akiho check the Prez when she stood him up in the ring earlier?!
This is no different than just standing still!
It's like I'm asking him to shoot me with the pile bunker!
Mr. Pleiades: “How terribly...”
Just then.
Mr. Pleiades murmurs something.
His voice is so low that the audience can't hear it.
But I can. Perfectly clearly.
Mr. Pleiades: “...Disappointing, Senpai.”
He's noticed the malfunction on our end, and M45 immediately begins twisting its body, aiming its pile bunker at Prez.
I'm not gonna be able to dodge this. It's over.
But oddly enough...
Out of the two days I've spent here at ROBO-ONE.
Right now.
I'm the most hyped I've ever been.
Right then...
Kaito: “Nngh...!”
My heart begins to throb in pain, as if it's being squeezed tight by an ice-cold hand.
Simultaneously, everything around me begins to move in slow motion.
All of the sound in the world has vanished.
All five of my senses have sharpened considerably.
I'm having an attack.
What a pain in the ass.
...I hate to admit it, but I'm actually pretty lucky that it picked now of all times to blow up on me.
My mind is clear.
It's cold. My body temperature is dropping at an alarming rate.
It feels like my blood has gone from boiling hot to ice cold.
My body feels strangely heavy.
It's almost like I've dived into the ocean.
The air feels thick and viscous.
Amidst all this calm flow...
There is only silence.
It's suffocating.
I can't breathe.
This is why it feels like I'm submerged in water.
I'm swimming through this soundless world without breathing.
This moment feels eternal.
I can drift through this slow-motion world...
Experiencing the same pain you'd feel while suffocating.
Due to an invisible opposing force, I too can only move in slow-motion.
Slo-mo.
That's what I call my attacks.
Of course, I named it myself.
It's the exact opposite of Akiho's attacks.
Her FF allows her to see time compressed.
Whereas my Slo-mo allows me to see time expanded.
During an attack, I see one second of time stretched out to about 30 seconds... apparently.
It's considered another form of Elephant-Mouse Syndrome, but even the doctor that diagnosed me wasn't sure how it worked.
The reason why everything is moving in slow-motion right now is simply because my senses have been acutely sharpened.
The real world itself hasn't actually changed.
A second is still a second.
But within that single second, I can process 30 seconds worth of thoughts and reactions.
For example, it takes me zero frames to do what used to take me four. I can even input a full command in one frame.
The pile bunker that M45 just fired looks like it's frozen in space.
If I confirm its trajectory, I can cover for my disadvantage just fine. In my current condition, I have more than enough time to predict and evade.
But I can't breathe...
It feels like I'm hanging on to life by a thread, and it terrifies me.
I desperately try to supply oxygen to my lungs, but...
My body won't respond the way I want it to.
Deep within my heart, I continue to plead for release from this pain.
I've locked onto my target.
There's still distance between us. I won't be able to cover it during Slo-mo. Everything around me isn't frozen like I am.
But I do have one method available to me.
A way to close the distance more speedily than to walk forward normally.
I grit my teeth in pain.
No matter how hard I try, I can only move at the same speed as the rest of the world.
I put every ounce of energy I have into this.
I urge my fingers to react.
Then, after a short delay, the fingers around my PokeCom start to move.
There's an actual sense of latency between my mind and my body.
But there's nothing I can do about it.
The tip of the pile bunker draws ever closer to the Prez.
But I've already input the command to dodge it.
The Honorary Prez steps to the side.
And the pile bunker grazes the surface of the Prez's arm.
I just barely managed to evade M45's attack...
But it's already in a position to fire again.
The first shot was from its left arm. The second shot comes from the right.
Does that mean it can only fire two consecutive shots?
Its aim is spot on.
M45 locks on to the Prez after it dodged the first shot.
Here comes shot number two.
The spike once again moves very slowly.
Which allows me time to dodge it.
Since it can only fire in a straight line, there's nothing to fear as long as it's off by a few tenths of a millimeter.
I just barely dodge the second spike and face the defenseless M45 straight on.
The distance between us has barely changed.
M45 is still far, far away.
There's no way I'll be able to hit him at this distance.
Akiho: “It works as a surprise attack,so don't use it unless you see an opening.”
I never expected Akiho's lame idea to be useful at a time like this.
It almost feels like fate, but I can't say I'm a fan of that.
Time to end this piss-easy game once and for all.
As soon as I finish inputting the command, the flood of noise comes rushing back to the arena.
The flow of time finally returns to normal.
The thick texture of the air vanishes.
I can finally breathe again, freeing me from the suffering.
And the Honorary Prez has already completed its transformation.
It's sitting on the floor with its legs stretched out.
The motors on the wheels attached to its bottom begin to spin...
And then it shoots forward.
Mr. Pleiades: “Wha...?”
Akiho: “Ah...!”
The Prez performs a high-speed sliding tackle on M45.
Both robots are sent flying out of the ring, tangled up with one another.
The lousy motors go silent.
Silence.
The entire arena is engulfed in silence.
For a second, it feels like my attack isn't over yet. I take a deep breath and look around...
That's when an explosion of noise bursts from the silence.
Roars erupt from the spectator seats as the whole arena goes wild.
Announcer: “Whoaaaa! A special move! The special move connected!”
Announcer: “What godlike reaction speed! He dodged not one, but two consecutive high-speed rocket punches by a hair!”
Announcer: “Tanegashima really showed its guts out there, morphing then launching a speedy tackle, zipping ultra-fast into their opponent, and then colliding in a violent explosion!”
Akiho: “It's called the Tanegashi Accel Impact!”
Announcer: “Got it, Little Sister of Senomiya Misaki!”
Announcer: “You heard the girl, folks! That blazing hot finisher you just witnessed is called the Tanegashi! Accel! Impaaaact!”
It finally dawns on me that all these cheers are for me.
It's almost like my seizure is being celebrated.
I make sure nobody hears me as I click my tongue.
