Lunch break the next day. I'm on my way back to the classroom after a quick bathroom break when my tablet starts to ring.
Kaito: “Accept call.”
Kaito: “Hello?”
Mizuka: “It's about the Passion Accord.”
Kaito: “Oh, Mizuka-san. Get anything?”
Mizuka: “You're damn right I did. He has a granddaughter.”
Kaito: “Granddaughter...? Interesting. Now that you mention it, I don't know anything about Doc's family.”
Mizuka: “Looks like she's in the same grade as you and Aki.”
Mizuka: “She's in class 3-1. Her name is Daitoku Junna, and she's in the Karate Club. You know her?”
Kaito: “Wait, for real...?”
Kaito: “We were in the same class last year. I actually spoke to her briefly the other day, too.”
Mizuka: “Turns out the old man is her grandfather from her mother's side.”
Mizuka: “Grandfathers are weak when it comes to their grandchildren. You know what to do.”
Mizuka: “Good luck.”
That's Mizuka-san for you. Only took her one day to find something. The trip through passion fruit hell was worth it.
So, she's his granddaughter, eh?
So basically, we gotta get Daitoku Junna to ask her gramps to hand over the parts for free.
Would Doc ever say yes to such an insane request, granddaughter or not? I can't even imagine this playing out so simply.
This might just end up biting us in the ass.
He's hardheaded, so it's likely that he'll get upset and say, “How dare you use my Junna-chan!” and bam! Banned.
Either way, I should fill Akiho in.
What she does with the info is out of my hands.
My role is merely to show her the path. Whether she walks that path or not is entirely up to her.
Akiho: “This must be fate!”
Akiho is eating lunch alone when I deliver the news to her. She immediately jumps up from her chair.
Akiho: “Who could've guessed?! What a small world!”
Akiho: “With the family discount, we'll get at least 30% off to start with.”
Akiho: “And if things go well, maybe we can push for 50%... or even for free! Heh, hehehe...”
The president is a lost cause. She's off in her own delusions where things could never possibly go south.
Akiho: “Wait, Kai, how in the world did you get ahold of such awesome intel?”
Kaito: “I caught a rumor doing the rounds is all.”
Akiho: “Huh. I never would've guessed. Especially since Doc and Daitoku-san have totally different family names.”
Akiho: “Welp, no time like the present!”
Akiho swiftly closes the lid on her half-eaten lunch and heads toward Daitoku-san's classroom next door.
