Kaito: “Whoa, way too expensive...”
I can't help but voice my thoughts.
Since it's lunch break, I'm chowing down on some food while looking over a hobby robot site.
It's a URL that Akiho sent, but I recoil in my seat just looking at some of the numbers on the screen.
These prices aren't something a high school student can afford.
The cheapest one is around 30,000 yen. When you look to the high end, some robots go for over 200,000 yen.
Akiho: “Those are premade kits, after all. It's normal. They're essentially finished products.”
Akiho: “But still, they're way cheaper than they were five years ago.”
Akiho had already finished her own lunch and stands imposingly in front of my desk as she explains.
Akiho: “If you get the parts and build it yourself, it'll be even cheaper.”
Kaito: “Is that what you plan to do?”
Akiho: “With only two weeks left, there's no time for that.”
Akiho looks up at the ceiling in grief.
Kaito: “Then you're going to buy a kit and—”
Akiho: “That's not possible, either.”
Akiho: “I asked my mom yesterday for an advance on my New Year's money, but she said she's only willing to do 10,000 yen...”
The bottleneck is the lack of time before the competition. We don't even have time to work part-time jobs.
Kaito: “Then it's settled. Time to give up on ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
Akiho starts messing up my hair again.
Kaito: “...”
Two strands of my hair fall into the rice in my lunch box.
I quietly pluck them out with my fingertips.
Kaito: “Could you not while I'm eating?”
Akiho: “Why are you always so quick to give up, Kai?”
Akiho: “We need to struggle more!”
Kaito: “Well if you hurry and come up with a solution, I'd be fine and dandy with being more positive...”
Akiho: “I'm saying this because I have come up with one!”
Akiho puffs up her chest in pride.
So, that explains her happy-go-lucky mood this morning.
Kaito: “All right, Madam President. Tell me what the plan is.”
Akiho: “You want to know? If you do, then you have to beat me in a match of Kill-Ballad.”
Kaito: “I'm down. It's not like I have any chance of losing to you.”
Akiho: “I was just trying to copy you is all... Geez...”
I shrug my shoulders and pop a rolled egg into my mouth.
Akiho: “Anyway, listen up.”
Akiho: “We're going to revive the Honorary Prez.”
Kaito: “...!”
I end up accidentally swallowing the barely-chewed egg.
Akiho: “Hehe! Great idea, right?”
Kaito: “Please don't tell me you're referring to the same TanegashiMachine 3 that is currently collecting dust in the clubroom as we speak...?”
Akiho: “That's the one!”
Akiho: “The former ROBO-ONE champ returns after nine years! Get hyped!”
Akiho thrusts her fist toward the ceiling, and our classmates shower her in cold glances.
It's true that the robot is somewhat of a legend. It's Misa-nee's brainchild and the very same robot that won ROBO-ONE.
It now decorates the clubroom, and we call it the “Honorary Prez.”
But to be frank... it's an antique.
Since the robot boom began five years ago, tech know-how has evolved. I doubt we could win with a pre-boom machine.
Besides...
Kaito: “Does it even work?”
Akiho: “It doesn't. But it will after an overhaul... I think.”
Kaito: “Hmm...”
I stuff some sausage into my mouth, make sure to chew it properly, and gulp it down.
Kaito: “Well, do whatever you think you need to.”
Akiho: “There you go again, acting like this is someone else's problem.”
Kaito: “It's not like there's anything I can do to help anyway.”
This is Akiho we're talking about. She'll stubbornly try to fix that antique no matter what it takes.
I'll just watch over her progress.
After the sausage, I put a pickled plum in my mouth.
Its sour flavor spreads out over my tongue, and I can't help but pucker my face in response.
Akiho: “Kai...”
Akiho suddenly bends forward toward me.
She's too close...
Kaito: “Aki-chan, do you want a kiss or something?”
Akiho: “No, no.”
Akiho: “You'll help me with the shopping at least, right?”
Kaito: “Shopping?”
Akiho: “For parts and stuff.”
Kaito: “Well, I guess I could...”
Akiho: “Also, gimme one of your apple slices.”
Man... I wish she'd get a clue about how the people around her feel.
