Akiho: “There's this technique called Gunval Accel Impact.”
Kaito: “Hm? What's this all of a sudden?”
Yesterday evening, Akiho suddenly said she came up with a special attack and went to the Clinic to buy some cheap parts.
Today, she's finally supposed to get started on rebuilding the Prez, but as soon as I poke my head into the room, she starts talking.
Akiho: “Obviously you're familiar with it, right Kai? It was in Gunvarrel season 1, volume 5, episode 13.”
Akiho is linking the Prez's 24 servomotors to the test board and using the battery to make sure that they move. 
Kaito: “Was it?”
I have absolutely no recollection of what she's talking about.
She's forced me to watch Gunvarrel multiple times, but even I'm shocked at how little I remember.
Akiho: “Oh, and I also added in that Suparinpei front kick that Daitoku-san taught me yesterday.”
Kaito: “What the heck is a Super Rinpei?”
Akiho: “A karate kata. Sounds super strong, right?”
Kaito: “I guess the name does. But considering I've never seen it, I really couldn't tell you one way or the other.”
Akiho: “I was inspired by Daitoku-san! It's basically like a sliding kick. Anyway, the point is...”
Akiho shows me a small caster not even three centimeters in diameter.
Akiho: “I'm going to put this onto TanegashiMachine 3.”
Akiho: “We won't even need to do any major remodeling. By adding a simple program in, we'll have our own special attack!”
Akiho: “Hehe, I can just see the audience's shocked faces now! It's unblockable and a guaranteed down if it hits!”
Kaito: “Huh. Sounds pretty amazing.”
Akiho: “Alrighty, all done testing the servomotors.”
Akiho: “I'm glad they all work. Now we don't have to worry about buying new ones.”
Kaito: “For someone worried about our budget, you barely batted an eye at buying parts for a special attack.”
Wouldn't you want to hold off on that until the servomotor tests were finished? Just in case anything needed replacing?
Akiho: “Okay, yeah, maybe my priorities are a little out of whack...”
Akiho: “But it all worked out in the end.”
By complete and total luck, but sure.
Kaito: “By the way, did you put all the screws in a safe place? You didn't lose any, did you?”
The many screws that keep the Prez together are small. Losing track of even one would be disastrous.
She'd finish putting Prez together only to find leftover screws, or end up not having enough. That kinda thing.
Akiho: “Huh, this is new. Do you actually care about this whole overhaul process?”
Kaito: “I'm just concerned is all.”
Kaito: “After all, I've got zero faith in you, Aki-chan. Haha.”
Akiho: “...Is that really something you'd say while laughing?”
Kaito: “Well, I just want you to avoid embarrassing yourself and to get us to the starting line in one piece. It'd be real frustrating if you couldn't even assemble it, right?”
After delivering my warning to her, I go back to focusing on Kill-Ballad.
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
Kaito: “Gwah, quit it!”
Akiho ruffles up my hair yet again.
And to make matters worse, she did it while still holding a servomotor, so my hair gets tangled up in the gears.
Of course, when all's said and done, I make her remove the motor herself.
