Junna: “Ah...”
Akiho: “Oh?”
I run into Daitoku-san as I exit the restroom.
Junna: “Um...”
Daitoku-san fidgets as she tries to shrink away from my line of sight.
Why is she so scared of me? She's gotta be stronger than I am, considering she's in the Karate Club.
This makes it look like I'm bullying her...
I quickly survey my surroundings in a panic.
Luckily, Daitoku-san's two friends from the other day are nowhere to be found.
Man, what a relief...
If they were around, they'd just turn this into a big fuss for no reason.
Akiho: “Hey, Daitoku-san? I'm sorry about the other day. Doc ended up making us pay full price for the parts.”
I make sure my tone is as positive as possible.
Junna: “Wha...”
Akiho: “Oh, no no, I don't mean that like it's your fault or anything.”
Akiho: “I've known Doc for a long time, and I'm pretty happy with his price. I even managed to dig up the cash, too.”
Akiho: “And now that I think about it, that gramps doesn't seem like the type who'd budge for anything, not even family.”
Junna: “Oh, I see... I'm sorry I couldn't be of any help.”
Akiho: “No no, haha, I just didn't think you'd be so against the idea is all.”
Akiho: “You said you were scared of Doc, right? Why? Is it just because he's scary in general?”
Junna: “...”
Daitoku-san remains silent.
Ah, crud... I made it awkward again... I probably shouldn't have asked her that...
Grrr, why do I gotta be such a big dummy?! Akiho, read the room!
Just because we were classmates last year doesn't mean Daitoku-san and I are particularly close.
Of course she'd never answer such a personal question!
I desperately search for a new topic to change the subject with.
Akiho: “S-So, you're in the Karate Club, right?”
Junna: “...Huh? Oh, yeah. I am.”
I mentally fist bump myself after successfully turning the conversation around.
Akiho: “I'm actually in the middle of trying to develop a special move. Any good ideas? I'm drawing nothing but blanks.”
Junna: “Uh, a special move...?”
Akiho: “Yup! It's for something about thiiiis big.”
I illustrate the height of the 40 centimeters tall robot with my hands.
Akiho: “So, we're entering a big competition in Tokyo with this robot, and I need a special move for it.”
Junna: “What does that... have to do with karate...?”
I proceed to give her a brief rundown of the rules of a ROBO-ONE match.
I go over the one-on-one duel format in a two-meter square ring, as well as how ring outs and knockdowns decide the victor.
Akiho: “But the key is in how you knock down your opponent.”
Junna: “H-Huh...”
Akiho: “So, any moves you know of that might be useful?”
Junna: “Um...”
Daitoku-san starts fidgeting again, rubbing her thighs together.
Akiho: “Well?”
Junna: “Yeah, um, I actually... have to go to the restroom...”
Akiho: “This won't take long, I promise! Just give me whatever comes to mind!”
Junna: “Mm...”
After my desperate pleading, Daitoku-san stops and gives a small, reluctant nod.
Junna: “Okay... what about something like a leg sweep?”
Akiho: “Our robot doesn't have enough joints to perform one of those, sadly.”
It can squat down, but in order to do a leg sweep, it'd need to extend a leg forward and then spin from that stance.
For that to happen, another joint—in other words, another servomotor—would need to be added, and we don't have time for that, sadly...
Akiho: “By the way, what's your signature move?”
Junna: “Er, mine?”
Akiho: “Yeah! Just for reference.”
Junna: “...”
She's really putting a lot of thought into this.
Does she have that many moves under her belt?
I've been using mecha anime as the basis for what I know about special moves, but maybe real martial artists don't use them...?
It's then that Daitoku-san shrugs her shoulders and speaks with a bitter smile on her face.
Junna: “I don't have one...”
Akiho: “You don't?!”
Junna: “Yeah...”
Akiho: “Wait, wait. You've gotta have at least one, right? You know, something you've mastered and use often?”
Junna: “I'm really not that strong... I usually lose before I can even use any moves...”
Akiho: “Huh? Is that so...?”
Daitoku-san's reply is straight to the point.
How am I supposed to respond to that?
I slap my left cheek a couple times and take a breath.
Akiho: “Okay then, it doesn't have to be a move you use in combat. What about something you think you're good at?”
Junna: “...”
Daitoku-san goes quiet in thought again, then tilts her head.
I guess nothing's coming to mind.
Hmm... Maybe asking Daitoku-san wasn't such a good idea...
Akiho: “Then what about those kata things? Those'd work.”
Akiho: “What's one of your favorite katas?”
Junna: “I'd say... um... the Suparinpei maybe?”
Akiho: “Whoa, supa? Like SUPER?!”
That's it!
Akiho: “That's actually on my ‘sexiest words on the planet’ list!”
Junna: “Well, um, it's not actually the word super, Senomiya-san. It's Chinese for ‘108,’ and...”
Akiho: “Daitoku-san, does this Suparinpei have any moves that could knock an opponent down?!”
Junna: “H-Huh...?”
Junna: “Let's see... It goes like this... then this... and then like that...”
Daitoku-san starts to go over the kata sequence. She closes her eyes, slightly moving her body to her mind's image.
This is gonna be good.
Junna: “Um...”
Akiho: “Yeah?!”
Junna: “Can I go use the restroom first?”
Crap, I held her up for way longer than I meant to.
I apologize and let her go immediately.
Three minutes later...
Daitoku-san exits the restroom and gasps when she notices me waiting outside.
I pick up where we left off.
Junna: “Okay, so, I don't know if it's what you're looking for, but what about a front kick?”
Akiho: “Can you show me what it looks like real quick?”
Junna: “Here?!”
Daitoku-san looks around with a troubled expression on her face.
Since this corridor is away from the classrooms, foot traffic is low, but even then, the bathroom area has someone come by every once in a while.
Junna: “I'm wearing a skirt, so...”
Akiho: “You'll be fine! Just for a quick sec! Please!”
After I put my hands together and beg, Daitoku-san sighs.
Junna: “So, it's like this, and...”
Without taking a stance, she swiftly kicks her left leg up into the air.
While she looks insecure in a lot of ways, her kick is sharp and accurate... or at least, that's how it looks to me.
Plus, it even looked like her leg suddenly stretched out halfway through the kick.
Akiho: “Whoaaaa...”
I'm genuinely impressed.
Junna: “Whoa, whoa, whoa...”
Meanwhile, Daitoku-san desperately holds down the hem of her skirt after it flips up during the kick.
Akiho: “Hey, so what's the deal with the way your leg just extended out of nowhere?”
Junna: “I kept my knee bent until I raised it to, um... about here.”
Daitoku-san holds her hand up to the height of her belly.
Junna: “Once I got it there, I kicked forward.”
Akiho: “So, it's a two-step process...”
Akiho: “Can I try real quick? Watch me.”
I lower my hips and take a stance.
Akiho: “Hwaagh!”
I try to mimic what I just saw by raising my knee up and extending my leg, but I end up wobbling off balance.
Akiho: “Whoa!”
Junna: “Careful!”
Before I know it, I'm on my butt with my left leg still sticking out in front of me.
Junna: “S-Senomiya-san, your skirt!”
Daitoku-san rushes over and fixes my skirt before anybody can see.
But I don't care about my skirt or if people can see up it.
Something that I did just now... I've got an idea!
Akiho: “This is it...”
Junna: “Um, what?”
Akiho: “Look at this form!”
My butt is still firmly on the ground, my left leg is extended, my right knee's bent... and I'm perfectly balanced.
Akiho: “This is it!”
Junna: “...?”
Aw, c'mon, why doesn't she get it?
Eh, forget it. As long as I see it in my mind's eye, it'll be fine.
I don't need to explain this to Daitoku-san right now.
I've gotta get my thoughts together before school ends!
