The first battle of the qualifying tournament has already started.
Our Chuo Tanegashima High team is apparently set to fight in about 15 minutes.
Oh, for what it's worth, Mitchie is still missing.
So much for our chaperone, huh?
Akiho was making program adjustments until just a little while ago.
Now she's lecturing me on the rules of the competition.
Akiho: “The ROBO-ONE rules say that you win if you down the opponent three times or knock them out of the ring.”
Akiho: “Oh, if you're downed or fall over and you don't get up on your own within the 10-count, it counts as another down.”
Akiho: “Oh, and have you memorized the command list?”
She gave me a memo with the command list last night.
They're much less complicated than Kill-Ballad's, and there aren't nearly as many of them.
Kaito: “I'm not sure that even qualifies as memorizing.”
Akiho: “Do you remember the Tanegashi Accel Impact? You know, the special attack I came up with and showed you before?”
Akiho: “It's basically a surprise attack, so don't use it unless you see an opening.”
Ohh, that transformation(?) into charge attack thing.
Honestly, that thing feels more like a suicide attack than anything actually usable.
Akiho: “By the way, they just revealed the first round matches for the prelims.”
Akiho: “I'll send it to you.”
Kaito: “Nah, I don't need it. Wouldn't know who anybody on it is anyway.”
Kaito: “How many wins does it take to reach the finals?”
Akiho: “Four. The finals are held tomorrow.”
Kaito: “Hmm.”
Four times, huh. Things are gonna be pretty competitive...
Akiho: “The first match is against Maekawa Shizuya's Devil Stronger.”
Devil Stronger? That must be the opponent robot's name.
Akiho: “So? Any thoughts?”
Kaito: “Not in particular. Not like I recognize the name or anything.”
Akiho: “Whaaat? Kai, you have so much to learn about the world!”
Akiho: “Devil Stronger advanced to the finals last tournament. Their power strats helped them demolish the competition.”
Kaito: “So, they're a big shot? We sure got the short end of the stick right off the bat.”
Akiho: “But if we win, we'll be heroes.”
Akiho clenches her fist tight and steps up toward me.
Why's she so into this?
Akiho: “Maekawa, the operator, is a geezer who is basically the heeliest heel that ever heeled.”
Akiho: “Every time I see one of his interviews, I can't help but think ‘You big jerk!’”
Akiho: “But the tourney organizers love pushing him because he's entertaining. Who doesn't like a good villain?”
Akiho: “See? The perfect opponent for you to face in your debut fight.”
Akiho: “Everybody knows that robots of justice exist to defeat the evil villain.”
Kaito: “Where does that baseless confidence of yours come from?”
Akiho: “Look, the fact is that he's super strong. Strong enough to make it to the finals.”
Akiho: “But with the KB system installed in TanegashiMachine 3 and your skills combined, you can turn Devil Stronger into scrap!”
Akiho: “Isn't that right?”
This feels more like a threat than anything...
She presses closer, causing me to draw back instinctively.
Kaito: “Do you really want peace of mind that badly?”
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Kaito: “It'd be really easy for me to just go along with you and say that this'll be an easy win.”
Kaito: “But I don't have the leeway to console you like that right now, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “...”
Sure, I'm ranked fifth in the world on the Kill-Ballad leaderboards, but that took a long time and a lot of effort.
I learned the ins and outs of my own character, and then I learned how to handle each and every matchup.
But I'm going into this fight with nothing. Not even an ounce of practice.
I'm going to have to focus even harder than I do when I play Kill-Ballad.
Kaito: “Despite how I may look, I'm actually pretty delicate, okay? Haha.”
Akiho: “Kai, don't tell me you're...”
Kaito: “...I don't know.”
There's no point in hiding the truth. She's been dealing with my attacks for as long as I've been dealing with hers.
Kaito: “Staying up all night definitely had an effect on me.”
Akiho: “I see...”
Akiho's expression darkens as she gazes straight into my eyes.
Akiho: “Um...”
Like she's imploring me.
Or appealing to me.
That look.
Kaito: “What is it? The restroom is right around the corner and—”
Akiho: “Th-That's not it, you big jerk!”
Kaito: “...”
Did she really have to go for the hair now of all times?
Kaito: “Then what the heck is it?”
Akiho: “...”
I give her the floor, but while it looks like she wants to say something, she can't seem to put it into words.
Eventually, she shakes her head.
Akiho: “...”
In the end, Akiho swallows her words.
Nevertheless, I get the gist of what she's trying to say.
If we lose, the Robotics Club is finished. Everything we inherited from our seniors over the last nine years will be lost...
That's why we're here at ROBO-ONE.
This is a battle that we can't afford to lose.
That's what you want to say, right?
But here's the thing.
None of that matters to me.
Kaito: “Hey, Aki-chan. Got any candy?”
Akiho: “...Huh? Wh-What?”
Kaito: “Candy.”
Akiho: “Candy... You mean Space Candy?”
Kaito: “Yup. Got any?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Hahh... Typical Kai...”
She grumbles as she pulls a piece of the usual Space Candy out of her skirt pocket.
Akiho: “Yeah, I got one.”
Kaito: “Knew you had some. I'll pay you back later.”
Akiho: “Mhm...”
I pop it into my mouth.
The refreshing sensation makes its way down my throat.
Yeah, that's the ticket.
Akiho: “Kai.”
It looks like the weight's been lifted off her shoulders.
Akiho slaps me on the back.
Akiho: “...Let's win.”
She says that with a smile.
Akiho: “You like to mercilessly crush your opponents no matter who they are, right? So just do what you always do.”
Kaito: “When you put it like that, I start to sound like the bad guy.”
But I'll take that over the tone she had earlier.
Luck is not on my side. It's my first time on the big stage, my condition is a mess... Could this possibly get any worse?
And on top of that, it's always possible I might end up with a bad matchup. If that happens, it'll be over before it begins.
Yet at the end of the day, the feeling of wanting to be the best is the same here as in Kill-Ballad.
I'm not excited nor am I held back as a member of the Robotics Club.
As far as I'm concerned, this is just another fighting game tournament.
Akiho: “It's time. Let's go.”
I hear cheers from afar and excited announcer commentary accompanied by stomps that shake the entire venue.
All of that is just beyond the end of the hallway.
Shrouded in light on the other side.
Akiho and I stand shoulder to shoulder and step into that light together.
It's a different world on this side.
A huge arena surrounded by bleachers from which all eyes are on us. The cheering shakes our bodies.
While it's not at full capacity, I can't believe that this many people would be here for the qualifiers, and in the morning, too.
I've never seen this many people gathered in one place before.
It's overwhelming.
For the first time in my life, it truly dawns on me that ROBO-ONE—and robots in general—are booming worldwide.
The AR billboards with Misa-nee displayed on them only puts more pressure on me.
She was my master when it came to gaming, and I could never even come close to beating her.
While she isn't here in person, it sure as hell feels like she is, telling me “I'm watching you, so you better not screw up.” The tension in the air is getting higher and higher.
I need to make sure not to let myself get overwhelmed by the sea of people.
If I were to lose because I couldn't stay focused, that'd be really embarassing, especially as a gamer.
There are already matches underway elsewhere in the arena.
A quick glance around the building reveals a huge variety of hobby robots going toe-to-toe with each other.
I'm starting to get worried about our decade-old Honorary Prez.
I can faintly hear an official yelling for Chuo Tanegashima High in the distance.
ROBO-ONE Staff: “Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club! To ring #4!”
Akiho: “They said ring #4!”
Kaito: “Yeah, yeah.”
Round one. Let the games begin.
