Kaito: “I haven't ranked up in a while...”
I can't help but whine a little as I cast my gaze at the Kill-Ballad leaderboards.
On weekends, I get to play KB without anyone interrupting me. I've gone many a weekend without eating or sleeping.
In fact, weekends are when I focus on increasing my win rate against the top players, which is the quickest way to rank up.
That said, I'm still in fifth place.
In the end, it doesn't matter how many times I defeat low-ranked players. I gotta beat the top ones to move up.
But so far, I haven't been able to get matched with any of them.
Kaito: “Stop running away, dammit. You're in the top five, so act like it!”
I complain to nobody in particular as I get ready to start another match.
???: “Kaito! Come on out! I need you to deliver something to the Senomiyas!” 
I hear Mom—Fumiko, age 42—call me from the kitchen. Mom and I are usually the only ones home.
Dad pilots the only flight connecting the Kagoshima Airport to the Tanegashima Airport, so he's away half the week. That's why he's not here today.
Kaito: “...”
So, you want me to run an errand for you, Mom? She just loves to rob me of my precious me time...
And you want me to go out in the pouring rain, too?
I slide my room door open, stick my head out, and yell back toward the kitchen.
Kaito: “If you want me to run errands, beat me in Kill-Ballad—”
Fumiko: “Enough yapping and just go! I'm right in the middle of something!”
Kaito: “Ngh...”
As for what she wants me deliver? Tea leaves.
She wants me to go share them with the Senomiya family since she got a bunch from our relatives.
It's all thanks to this dumb errand that I've already lost at least three matches worth of fighting time.
Fortunately, Akiho's house is right next to mine.
Although, because of the farmland between our homes, I have to walk about 45 meters to get there.
From the front yard I can see that Akiho's room on the second floor is lit up.
Kaito: “Helloooo, it's Kaitooo.”
I slide the unlocked door open and casually stroll in.
Akiho's mother—Auntie Tamaki—comes out to greet me. She seems quite pleased by the tea leaves I hand her.
I hear thumping noises coming from the second floor.
What in the world is Akiho doing?
Might as well see what's up.
Kaito: “Sup.”
I witness Akiho's head stuck in the closet with her butt facing me.
Akiho: “Hm...? Kai? Is that you?”
Kaito: “What're you up to?”
Without answering me, Akiho pulls out a cardboard box from the closet.
Akiho: “I'm looking for TanegashiMachine 3's manual... but I can't find it.”
Akiho: “And anyway, how many times do I need to tell you to knock?! What if I was changing?”
Kaito: “More importantly, got any candy?”
Akiho: “Hahhh... In one ear and out the other...”
Akiho gets up and picks up a pack of Space Candy sitting on the floor.
Akiho: “Yeah, I got one.”
Kaito: “Knew you had some. I'll pay you back later.”
I've never returned the favor.
This exchange is kind of like a ritual between the two of us.
I came to her room to get a piece of Space Candy from her.
Heck, I'm probably the only one on this island who actually likes the stuff.
People don't seem too big on the flavor.
Even Akiho thinks they're gross and won't touch them.
The only reason why there are packs of Space Candy in her room in the first place is so she can give them to me.
I can't even remember when this little ritual of ours started.
But as long as there's a stock in here, I'll always be welcome to barge into this teenage girl's domain whenever I want.
Or at least, that's how I happen to interpret it.
Akiho complains, but she never chases me out.
Hence why I can drop in like this as if it were my own room.
I unwrap the candy and toss it into my mouth.
The fresh mint flavor spreads through and stimulates my nostrils.
How can people not like this stuff? I swear, they just haven't actually tried it. It's basically one of the seven wonders of the island.
Kaito: “You know, every time I come here, I always think about how extremely un-girly your room is.”
Akiho's walls are covered in old mecha anime posters, and her shelves lined with now-unavailable robot figures.
The geotags in this room are configured so that they don't display, but if they did, you'd drown in mecha anime info.
Anyone who didn't know Akiho would assume this room belonged to a dude.
Akiho: “How many times do I have to tell you? This stuff gives me love, courage, hope, and justice. I'm keeping it all as-is.”
Kaito: “Ah, right.”
Well, I guess Akiho can do whatever she wants with her own room.
I sit down backward on a chair and lay my chest on the back rest.
Kaito: “So, you're looking for a manual?”
Upon closer inspection, the box she's digging through contains small, empty figurine boxes, along with towels with robot illustrations on them.
Akiho: “Yup, since this morning. But I just can't find it...”
Kaito: “Isn't it kinda pointless to look in your room, Aki-chan? If it was here, wouldn't it be in Misa-nee's room?”
Akiho: “You didn't see my tweep?”
Akiho lowers her shoulders and drops down on her bed.
Akiho: “I scoured through Big Sis's room all morning.”
And she didn't find a thing.
Kaito: “Where else could it be?”
Akiho: “In the shed or Dad's study, maybe.”
Either way, sounds like a lot of work.
But I could totally see it being in her old man's study.
Heck, it was basically her dad that made Akiho into the mecha anime fangirl that she is today.
His study is filled with mecha anime DVDs, Blu-rays, and even antiques like LDs.
Akiho lies down on the bed, face up.
Then, from that position, she stretches out her arms and legs.
Akiho: “Whew, I'm already beat.”
I really wish she wouldn't push herself like this... It makes me worry.
Kaito: “I mean, you don't have to compete in ROBO-ONE, do you?”
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Kaito: “Winning is impossible, and if the club is disbanded, maybe it's for the best. Better than struggling for no reason.”
Akiho: “Wha?!”
Akiho sits up abruptly and shakes her head in a manner that seems almost lonely.
Akiho: “No way... If the club get disbanded, it's all over.”
Akiho: “You might not be so invested in the Robotics Club, Kai, but for me, it's an irreplaceable—”
Kaito: “Couldn't you just keep building your giant robot privately?”
Kaito: “You'd be able to finally liberate yourself from that annoying VP of ours and work on it however you like.”
Kaito: “Besides, it's not like this has to get done while you're still a student, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “If you can get in the Expo, great. But if not, it's not like you're gonna die.”
Kaito: “Instead of rushing to finish this, why don't you take your time to build something good?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “If the club gets disbanded, GunBuild-1'll be scrapped.”
Kaito: “There's no reason for you to play by their rules. I'm sure you could negotiate a better deal.”
Akiho: “But listen, Kai...”
Akiho just barely smiles.
Why would she smile now?
Akiho: “As a member of the Robotics Club, and as a student—”
Akiho: “I want to work this out.”
Akiho: “Obviously, if I kept working at it on my own, I might be able to finish him one day. Dunno how many years it would take, but still.”
Akiho: “That's one way I could go about chasing my dream.”
Akiho: “But even then, I really want to go to the Expo as a member of the Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “I want to accomplish that in the next six months, no matter what I have to do.”
Akiho: “And if it still doesn't work out after six months, it's not like I'm gonna give up right there and then, but—”
Akiho: “This is the line I've drawn for myself.”
Akiho's eyes shine with determination as she explains her motivations to me. I almost lose myself in those eyes.
Kaito: “It's all about the club, eh? Is this about wanting to take care of the ‘dream’ you inherited from Misa-nee and the rest? Or some cheesy stuff like that.”
This intangible thing that's been passed down from Misa-nee, Mitchie, and the other founding members.
Is that what's motivating Akiho?
Misa-nee in particular probably had a huge effect on her.
Akiho: “This is the Robotics Club and GunBuild-1 that Big Sis built...”
Akiho really does love Misa-nee.
Is this what they call a sister complex? Or maybe she still hasn't grown out of her dependence on her.
Akiho: “Plus, mecha anime needs to be filled with dreams and romantic ideals!”
Akiho says that with a happy smile on her face as she poses dramatically.
In just six months, we'll be graduating and leaving the island behind us.
Most students from this island follow that path, whether they go to college or choose to look for a job instead.
There are those like Mitchie or Mizuka-san who come back to the island, and the rest who don't, like Misa-nee.
Either way, once she leaves this island, Akiho won't be able to just focus on building her robot.
Kaito: “You said the other day that all you've got are bots on the mind, but you really are thinking about the future, huh?”
Akiho: “Am I? It sorta feels like all I think about is the Robotics Club these days... hehe.”
Well, I guess I understand how Akiho feels.
I'm not gonna be a jackass and keep pushing back on this.
Kaito: “Well, in that case, good luck! I'll be taking my—”
Just before I can say leave, Akiho grabs my wrist.
Akiho: “Hold up!”
Kaito: “Eh? Aki-chan, don't tell me...”
If she's stopping me here, that must mean—
Akiho: “Help me find the manual, Kai.”
Kaito: “I knew it...”
Akiho: “You're already here, so you might as well, right? You can stay for dinner, too.”
Kaito: “You seriously intend on searching till night time?”
Fine, I guess I'll help...
Plus, I get Auntie Tamaki's food out of this.
Unfortunately, even after searching long and hard, we fail to locate the manual.
