And just like that, several days pass by since Akiho began her operational training.
Final exams are already half over.
I think it goes without saying how Akiho and I have been faring on that front.
Supplementary exams, huh? This sucks...
After exams today, Akiho once again hits the clubroom to train. She ends up spending hours at the work table.
Akiho: “Ah... Er, uh... Huh?”
Akiho: “...”
She hasn't improved at all.
Akiho was never dexterous to begin with, and Misa-nee's custom controls aren't something just anyone can use.
But eh, that's been pretty obvious since Sunday.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, it's almost 7:00. How about calling it a day?”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
Kaito: “You seem really tired.”
Akiho: “Huh? D-Do I?”
Kaito: “You've got some mean bags under your eyes.”
Akiho: “Crap, that's embarrassing...”
Her bashful expression is less spirited than usual.
Akiho takes a deep breath, then puts the Honorary Prez and controller in the carrying case she found in storage.
Akiho has been taking the Prez home every day to practice.
Akiho: “'Kay, let's go home.”
Kaito: “How late have you been practicing?”
I say that to her as she's locking the clubroom door.
Akiho: “Pretty much all night.”
Kaito: “You haven't been sleeping?”
Akiho: “It's no big deal. I've been taking hour-long naps here and there.”
Akiho: “Oh, and during final exams, too.”
Kaito: “Wait, have you been submitting blank answer sheets? Aki-chan, when did you become such a badass?”
Akiho: “I'm not leaving them blank. Though I guess I don't know most of the answers.”
I've got no room to talk. I'm in the same situation as her.
Kaito: “If you don't get a good night's sleep, your health is gonna go down the drain.”
Akiho: “I'm fine. I'm still young, so it'll work out.”
Kaito: “This has nothing to do with being young and you know it.”
I get the feeling she's trying to dodge my concerns, so I grab Akiho by the shoulders and stop her.
Kaito: “C'mon, you know you can't push yourself too hard, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Y-Yeah, I know. But...”
Kaito: “I get why you're feeling pressed for time. I do. But I can't always be by your side.”
Kaito: “You need to learn how to take care of your own health.”
Akiho: “Sorry...”
Akiho looks dejected as she offers up a sincere apology.
But her face looks kind of pale. Not a good sign.
Kaito: “You better go to bed as soon as you get home.”
Akiho: “So, you're not gonna tell me to study?”
After reaching the parking lot, I turn to face Akiho as usual.
Kaito: “So, you feeling all right?”
I ask the usual question.
Her usual answer doesn't come.
Today is different.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho weakly shakes her head back and forth, her face still pale.
It doesn't take long for me to understand the situation.
I immediately have Akiho sit down where she's standing.
Kaito: “I can take you to the nurse if you need me to.”
Akiho: “No... I'll be fine like this...”
She tries to force a smile, but her brow is covered in a layer of cold sweat.
Akiho puts out her hand and I hold onto it.
Akiho: “Nn...”
She tightly grips it.
Before long, her expression disappears from her face.
Her eyes are open, but she's not really there. She's not actually looking at anything.
Her breathing gradually grows deeper and heavier.
All the strength leaves her body as she slumps over.
I hold her shoulders to support her.
Kaito: “Whew...”
She's like the Honorary Prez when it runs out of power.
I idly look up at the indigo sky as I compare the two images in my head. 
Once this happens, it doesn't matter how much I call out to her, Akiho won't answer.
But this is normal; she has attacks like this regularly. That said, it's rare for them to occur with such perfect timing.
There's only one way to treat this: you have to wait till she gets better.
After about five minutes, she'll naturally recover.
Thus, there's no need to panic.
I've seen her have these attacks for years now, so I understand how to deal with them.
By that, I just mean holding onto Akiho and supporting her. That's all she needs and all I can do for her.
I let go of Akiho's hand, and in its place I put the Fink stuffed toy hanging from the tablet at her waist.
Then, still with a blank expression on her face, she starts to squeeze and fiddle with the toy in her hand.
The little stuffed toy she always carries on her is the perfect size to fit in the palm of her hand.
It's gotten all dirty and colorless, mainly because she always squeezes it tightly during attacks to remain conscious.
That's right, Akiho is still conscious.
The only way I can really describe this condition—these seizures—is as an “attack.”
At this very moment, while Akiho is spending five minutes in reality, she's perceiving it as one second of time.
I know this because these attacks aren't anything new. Plus, Akiho always tells me about them afterward.
Five minutes of reality gets compressed into one second of perception. In essence, it feels like time is moving super fast for her.
Meanwhile, for the people watching her, it's like she's moving in slow motion. Like a zombie or something.
Elephant-Mouse Syndrome.
That's the scientific name that doctors have given it, but Akiho and I call it FF.
FF is short for “Fast-Forward.”
You know, like how video players have fast forward and rewind buttons?
It gets confusing because of all the different perspectives between Akiho and everyone else, but we keep it simple by calling it FF from Akiho's viewpoint.
These attacks aren't something she was born with.
They're the aftereffect of an accident that happened eight years ago.
Ever since that day...
Akiho... and I...
We've been afflicted with these awful attacks.
They tend to occur after we put strain on our bodies. Things like staying up all night or exercising too hard.
That's why I always tell her not to push herself.
That's why I always ask her how she feels before she drives her scooter.
That's why I go with her if she's heading to school, even on days off.
And that's why I'm a member of the Robotics Club.
If something happens to Akiho, I need to be there with her so I can look after her.
And the same goes for me.
My symptoms are a bit different from Akiho's, but I still have to deal with the same aftereffects.
My attacks are bad enough that they actually require someone to look after me.
So in that sense, you could say that Akiho and I are both supporting each other.
The reason we're always together at school isn't just because we're both in the Robotics Club or childhood friends.
It's so we can deal with these attacks as they happen, without causing problems for other people.
We'd love to hurry up and get better, but there's no cure for our particular condition, so we just have to deal with it.
Which means that in order to protect ourselves, the very least we can do is support each other.
Akiho: “Aah... Uugh...”
Akiho slowly moans but doesn't form any words.
The parking lot is slowly being blanketed in the darkness.
If someone happened to run into us now, they'd probably think we were two lovebirds messing around.
Anyhow, I call Akiho's mother and ask her to come pick her daughter up.
The attack only lasts five minutes, but the numbness of the body lasts much longer. She shouldn't be driving.
After the call, I have nothing to do but wait for Akiho to recover.
I take a look at her face.
Her expression looks like a Noh mask's.
Empty eyes. Slightly quivering lips.
Sometimes she ends up drooling, so it's actually kind of a problem.
There was one time when she totally soaked my shirt.
Kaito: “...”
Geez, this idiot...
That's why I told her not to push herself so hard.
She's already constantly rushing forward when it comes to the Robotics Club.
And now she wants to add ROBO-ONE on top of that?
Fixing the Honorary Prez, staying up all night to learn its complex control scheme...
Akiho is that desperate to protect the Robotics Club and make her dream a reality.
Kaito: “Good grief...”
But I'm not blameless. I saw her walking that dangerous line and didn't warn her as much as I should've.
Maybe I should have forced her to stop?
Or should I have helped her more?
Kaito: “...”
I don't know.
I don't know, but...
Supporting each other, huh?
I guess I have no choice.
I sigh, straighten out my thoughts, and pull out my PokeCom to kill time playing Kill-Ballad.
Akiho: “Ka...i...”
Akiho says my name.
Slowly at first, then gradually faster, she blinks her eyes, then speaks again.
Akiho: “Kai...”
Strength begins to return to Akiho's hand.
She weakly grasps at mine.
I guess it's been about five minutes.
Kaito: “You okay now?”
Akiho: “...”
Looks like she hasn't recovered enough to stand yet.
While still leaning against my shoulder, she nods a little, then starts to slowly take deep breaths.
She's told me that after an attack, she's so exhausted that she can't even walk.
Kaito: “I called your mom. She'll be here soon.”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
Kaito: “I hope you learn your lesson from this and stop pushing yourself so hard.”
Akiho: “Y-Yeah, sure...”
Kaito: “Seriously? That's your response after all that?”
Akiho: “Hehe...”
Akiho: “Then... Kai... can you... be the operator...?”
Kaito: “...”
What a low blow. She's really asking me that at a time like this?
How unfair can you get?
Kaito: “Fine.”
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Akiho opens her eyes wide.
Akiho: “I didn't think... you'd actually say yes...”
Akiho: “What about beating you... in a match...?”
Kaito: “I'm making a special exception just this once.”
Akiho: “I see...”
Akiho: “But, thanks... You're a lifesaver...” 
Kaito: “That said, I have one condition.”
Akiho: “Huh? Wh-What is it?”
Kaito: “Misa-nee's control scheme is too much, even for me. You're gonna have to reprogram it to play like Kill-Ballad.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Akiho cocks her head like she doesn't really understand what I'm saying.
Just then, I hear the sound of a car horn coming from the school gate.
That might be her mom.
I lend my shoulder to Akiho to help her stand, and we slowly make our way toward the front gate.
