Kaito: “Whew.”
“I'm glad it's sunny today...”
I think that to myself as I remove my helmet.
The breeze feels nice and cool, perhaps due to yesterday's rain.
The school grounds on Sunday are quiet.
It's been a while since I've come to school on a day off on club business, or at least, it's my first time doing it this year.
Honestly, I would much prefer to be lying around at home playing Kill-Ballad.
After seeing Akiho's tweep that read “I'm sooo lonely doing an overhaul at the clubroom on a Sunday,” I came here.
As soon as I saw that she was all by herself, I painstakingly dragged myself over here.
My personal policy has always been that I never participate in Robotics Club activities.
But when it comes to everything else, I do my best to help Akiho out whenever she needs a hand.
Akiho and I are basically one in body and soul at this point. We rarely do things without each other.
Dammit, Akiho. Have you forgotten about your attacks?
Or maybe she's still salty about me steamrolling her ass in KB last night. She knows I show no mercy.
The lawn in front of the clubroom is still damp from yesterday's rain.
Too bad. I would've loved to lay down and game for a bit.
I can see Akiho's back through the open clubroom door.
Kaito: “Aki-chaaan.”
When I call out to her, she immediately recognizes my voice and comes outside.
Akiho: “Huh? You came?”
Kaito: “Yep. Brought you this.”
I toss her a bottle of Skal.
Akiho: “Skaaaaal!”
After catching it, she raises the bottle up high in excitement, then begins chugging it down right after.
Seeing her drink it like it's the nectar of the gods or something is enough to put a smile on my face.
A thin layer of sweat covers Akiho's forehead. I guess it's still hot inside the clubroom.
Akiho: “Whew! Aaah, that hits the spot!”
My usual seat of choice is too damp to sit on, so I settle for a clubroom chair.
Sprawled out on the table is our Honorary Prez, disassembled.
Akiho sits in front of the table and begins to further take it apart with screwdriver in hand.
Kaito: “By the way, did you end up finding the manual last night?”
As I was leaving her house last night, Akiho loudly declared that she was going to continue her search.
Akiho: “Yep. This is it.”
Akiho holds up a notebook.
The pages inside are covered with all sorts of design drawings, notes, and programs that are all written in feminine handwriting.
Kaito: “Is that Misa-nee's handwriting?”
Akiho: “Bingo.”
Akiho: “Turns out it was in Dad's study the whole time.”
Kaito: “My prediction was spot on.”
That happened to be the one place we didn't search last night.
Kaito: “So? Think you can fix the Honorary Prez?”
Akiho: “We'll see. I have to disassemble it and get to the root of the problem before anything else.”
Kaito: “Wouldn't it be funny if it was just out of batteries or something?”
Akiho: “You joke, but that's a real possibility. If it's just a battery problem, all I'd have to do is charge it.”
Kaito: “Simple enough. That'd make things a lot easier for you, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “But see, the problem is that the charger is missing.”
Kaito: “Which means...?”
Akiho: “We'll have to get a new one.”
Kaito: “Are they pricey?”
Akiho: “Yep. It'll cost more than 5,000 yen.”
Kaito: “For real?”
Akiho: “And these parts are over 10 years old, so finding compatible stuff is gonna suck. It'll take at least a week to ship.”
Akiho removes one screw after another in an orderly fashion while she explains the battery situation to me.
The screws are all two to three millimeters long. If she drops them, that's all she wrote.
Kaito: “Are you keeping track of which screw goes where?”
Akiho: “More or less.”
Kaito: “Uh, more or less?!”
Akiho: “They're mostly the same size, so it's honestly not that big of a deal.”
She seems to be storing the removed screws in an empty snack can, so I take a peek inside.
Kaito: “But there are some screws with slightly different lengths in here.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Don't give me that.
She's way too disorganized.
Akiho: “W-Well, worst case scenario, I have the manual. Hehehe... heh...”
God help us all...
Eh, I still have no intention of intervening.
Kaito: “Kill-Ballad, start.”
I pull out my PokeCom and boot up Kill-Ballad.
Kaito: “So, other than the battery swap, what else do you have to do?”
Akiho: “Umm, check that all the servomotors are running and make sure the servo amps are stable.”
Akiho: “Maybe I'll go to the Robot Clinic later...”
The Robot Clinic is a parts store that our club has ties to. As per its name, it mostly carries hobby-robot-related parts.
It's basically Akiho's current lifeline.
The shop owner is pretty terrifying, though.
Akiho: “Oh, and also the programming. I'm bad at that stuff, but I still gotta check it. We're not gonna win ROBO-ONE otherwise.”
The clubroom is hot and dark.
Akiho relies solely on the desk lamp as she tinkers away at the robot's small pieces. I hope she doesn't go blind.
Anyway, guess I'll start playing Kill-Ballad.
Akiho disassembles the Honorary Prez.
And I play Kill-Ballad.
The sounds of birds chirping fill the air of the island.
It's just a relaxing Sunday afternoon.
In fact, it's so relaxing that it's hard to believe that the club is on the verge of being disbanded.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...?”
Kaito: “Hm...?”
Akiho: “Do you want to try being an operator at ROBO-ONE...?”
Kaito: “What's an operator?”
Akiho: “The robot's pilot, basically.”
If I give in here, “Operation Make Akiho Give Up On ROBO-ONE,” would all be for naught...
Time to go cold.
Kaito: “Not interested.”
Akiho: “Why not?”
Akiho's eyes widen and she peeks at my face.
Akiho: “C'mon, you control robots all the time in Kill-Ballad, right?”
Kaito: “I don't play KB for the robots. I play because it's a damn good fighting game and there are strong players online.”
Before I got hooked on Kill-Ballad, I was into all kinds of fighting games with normal human characters.
Akiho: “Aren't you at least curious?”
Kaito: “Nope.”
Akiho: “But there are strong competitors in ROBO-ONE, too! Heck, they're even one-on-one battles!”
Kaito: “I think you should be the operator, Aki-chan. You're the president and the one repairing the Prez, after all.”
Akiho: “Believe me, I want to be the operator, but I know you'd be better at it than I would.”
Kaito: “It's not like I've ever controlled a robot before either, so we're on the same playing field.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I guess you're right.”
She continues her tasks silently for a while.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...?”
Kaito: “Hm...?”
Akiho: “I want you to be honest with me...”
Akiho takes an unusually serious tone.
Could she have finally realized that she has no chance of winning ROBO-ONE?
I stop playing Kill-Ballad and look at Akiho.
Akiho: “What do you think, Kai?”
Akiho: “TanegashiMachine 3's design. It's pretty ugly, isn't it?”
I nearly collapse out of sheer disappointment.
Kaito: “...I could not possibly care any less...”
Akiho: “Whyyy? This is super important.”
Kaito: “Misa-nee designed it, right? Send your complaints her way.”
Akiho: “But she lives all the way in Tokyo.”
Kaito: “So, are you saying you wanna redesign it? Do you even have the time for that, Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “Not really...”
Akiho looks displeased.
Akiho: “Something's missing. Like, it looks weak, you know?”
Kaito: “I don't think she designed it with flashiness in mind.”
Akiho: “But looks are important! It's easier to get fired up when your robot looks awesome!”
Akiho: “We don't have to overhaul all of it. What if we just tweaked it a little bit?”
Akiho: “For example, if you were the operator, wouldn't you want cannons on both shoulders?”
Kaito: “Cannons...?”
Akiho: “Cannons.”
Kaito: “You're serious? Would they even be useful?”
Akiho: “Cannons blow things up!”
Kaito: “In a ROBO-ONE match?”
Akiho: “No, just as a part of his backstory.”
Kaito: “So, how would they be used in ROBO-ONE?”
Akiho: “They'd just be decorative.”
Kaito: “...”
Give me a break.
This one's on me for taking her seriously.
Akiho: “So, I was thinking about how I'd customize it if I were the operator.”
Kaito: “Ah, well, just do whatever you want.”
Akiho: “I'd personally want it to be able to transform. Oh, and a special move is a must!”
Kaito: “If you implement all of that, you'll never make it in time for ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “A transform function isn't relevant to ROBO-ONE, and it'd be really hard to build. I wasn't really planning on it anyway... Hehe.”
Kaito: “Then why even bring it up?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “I guess you're right...”
Kaito: “Sort out your priorities, Aki-chan. Pride or results?”
Akiho: “Results.”
Kaito: “Huh... Color me surprised.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Why are you being so quiet?”
Akiho: “Oh, nothing. Hehe...”
She's laughing it off, but it seems like she's finally realized how ridiculous her ideas were.
Me and Akiho return to our respective tasks.
