I stand before the ring with Akiho.
The gazes and cheers from the audience seem distant now.
I'm deepening my focus.
Honing my nerves.
Thanks to the candy in my mouth, I don't feel drowsy from staying up all night.
I'm also doing my best to hold back my anxiety and irritation about my incoming attack.
If this bomb is going to “explode,” do me a favor and wait till after the match, alright?
All I can do is pray for that.
Announcer: “And now, the much anticipated Devil Stronger arrives at ring #4!”
Announcer: “Maekawa Shizuya once declared himself THE heel of ROBO-ONE! ‘I AM THE HEEL!’ he said! And his first victim? A high schooler from Tanegashimaaa!”
The live commentary reverberates throughout the venue.
On mic is the famous Jay Babylon. Despite his name, rumors say he's actually Japanese.
The incendiary commentary is assuming we're gonna lose.
...And I can't say I'm much of a fan.
ROBO-ONE Staff: “In the Blue corner, hailing from the Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club, TanegashiMachine 3 Custom!”
After being introduced to the audience, I bow my head slightly.
Akiho stands the Honorary Prez up inside the ring.
ROBO-ONE Staff: “In the Red corner, Maekawa Shizuya and his Devil Stronger!”
Maekawa is on the other side of the ring, raising both arms to the audience. He knows how to work the crowd.
The cheers get noticeably louder.
Maekawa's Devil Stronger is pretty big, too. It's easily 1.5 times the height of the Honorary Prez.
Kaito: “Hey, Aki-chan. Does ROBO-ONE not have weight classes or anything?”
Akiho: “They did years ago, but not anymore.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
Akiho: “Recent champs have all used fairly lightweight robots.”
Akiho: “Which proves there isn't really a disadvantage for smaller machines.”
Kaito: “I mean, maybe not now, but the Prez was designed and built nine years ago.”
Akiho: “Point made...”
Akiho: “But you know, ‘that person’ once said...”
Akiho: “‘Fighting strength isn't determined by differences in mobile suit performance!’”
No, performances matter quite a lot.
If this guy really is a favorite for winning the whole thing, it's entirely possible our odds are 0:10.
But hey, Akiho's back to her normal, ridiculously optimistic self, so I'm feeling pretty all right.
Kaito: “Well, it's way too late to lose my cool now. We were always gonna be at a disadvantage.”
Maekawa: “Heh.”
Maekawa glares at Akiho from across the ring and snorts out a laugh.
Maekawa: “Well don't you talk big, little lady.”
Akiho: “...Huh?”
Maekawa: “You sayin' your machine's inferior to Devil Stronger in specs, but your boy toy there is a better operator than me?”
This guy's clearly in his 40s.
The dude is running his mouth off an awful lot for someone so soft and flabby.
Maekawa: “You really think your little boy toy is better than me? Huh? Is that what you're saying?”
Akiho: “Absolutely!”
Akiho: “Oh, but, uh, he's not my boy toy. But still!”
Akiho: “With Kai's skills, I know he can take this whole tournament!”
Whoa, hey now...!
Is this a nationwide broadcast? Should we really be making grand declarations as high schoolers just debuting?
You're not supposed to say that kinda thing out loud, even if you believe it. How embarrassing...
Maekawa: “Hehehe. Maybe it's not robots he's good at operating... Maybe he just knows how to operate you... in bed!”
Akiho: “Huh?”
He's grinning like he just dropped the mic after a real zinger, but all he's doing is sexually harassing a young girl.
Maekawa: “I'm telling you to stop screwing around, you goddamn brats!”
Akiho: “...!”
Maekawa: “Besides, what's with that heap of junk you call a robot? Shit looks like it's made of old crap you scrounged up.”
Maekawa: “It's clearly nothing but out of date trash. Know your place!”
Maekawa: “If you keep talking back to me, I'm gonna use my Devil Stronger to smash it into pieces.”
Akiho: “B-But breaking your opponent's robot is against the rules...”
Maekawa: “HUH?! Did you say something?!”
Akiho: “I-I did. I said that breaking your opponent's robot is a-against the rules.”
Maekawa: “You little bitch...!”
Kaito: “All right, all right. Aki-chan, stay back.”
I pull Akiho by the hand and stand her behind me.
I then put myself directly in the line of Maekawa's glare.
Kaito: “Uh, haha, sorry about that. We won't talk anymore.”
Maekawa: “Haaah?”
Kaito: “Everybody knows that trying to provoke your opponent before a match is what a loser does. Please excuse us.”
Maekawa: “Wait, what do you mean by that?!”
Maekawa's face turns bright red. I guess he's angry.
Kaito: “It means nothing more than what I said. I truly regret my actions.”
Maekawa: “You brats...! Who the hell do you think I am?!”
Kaito: “Now, now. Take it down a notch. Why must you be so upset?”
Judge: “Enough chitchat. Competitors, are you ready?”
The referee cuts in and gets straight to business.
Maekawa: “I'm gonna crush you...”
Maekawa's face is twisted in rage. He readies his controller.
Akiho: “Kai, be bold but careful.”
Kaito: “...”
Pick one or the other, please...?
And I'd really appreciate some silence; I need you to not drag me down right now.
You're killing my focus.
Judge: “Very well. Round one of the qualifying tournament, ready!”
I take a small breath and hold my PokeCom tightly.
I close my eyes.
I look down at the ring from above in my head.
My position.
The opponent's position.
The paths to Prez that the opponent will likely take.
That paths that I should utilize to get to Devil Stronger.
Among the countless choices...
I identify the routes with the highest possibility of success.
By doing this, I have a spatial understanding of the area beyond my field of vision.
This is what I always do in games.
In a first-person fighter like Kill-Ballad, this is especially vital.
That's right. This is just a game.
The ring is much narrower than it appears.
There's a lot of distance between the Prez and Devil Stronger.
Best-case scenario would've been knowing that thing's attacks beforehand, but there's nothing I can do.
I have no data. I'll have to react on the spot.
I guess I'll wait and see for now.
No...
Judge: “Fight!”
One should always close the distance right at the start...!
Without hesitating, I charge directly at Devil Stronger.
Maekawa: “Damn fool.”
Before it enters my range, Devil Stronger twists its waist.
Its long arm extends forward.
A thrusting attack...!
Shit, I messed up!
But I can still recover! One more time...!
I swiftly input the commands into my PokeCom.
Thanks to my daily KB training, Devil Stronger's punch looks like it's frozen in time.
I can react within four frames a move. I could do this with my eyes closed.
Devil Stronger is a heavyweight hobby robot.
Its height is 1.5 times that of the Honorary Prez.
That's why...
That thrust is coming high.
I crouch down to avoid the punch...
Then transition into an uppercut. 
The Prez's extending arm stretches out and connects cleanly with Devil Stronger's crotch.
I had hit him from below.
Akiho: “Gunval Upper!”
Judge: “Down!”
Maekawa: “Wha..?!”
Akiho: “All riiight!”
I live in a world of individual frames.
Slow attacks like that are just begging to be countered.
Kaito: “Hey, Aki-chan? Do me a favor and stop shouting out attack names?”
Akiho: “Oh, c'mon, Kai! Special attacks HAVE to be shouted to the heavens!”
Kaito: “...”
The downed Devil Stronger slowly starts to right itself.
Maekawa: “Hah, that was just a fluke. Nobody could have that kind of reaction speed.”
Maekawa: “It's beginner's luck. Don't get cocky, brat...!”
I'm not gonna argue.
It was definitely luck that allowed me to get the first down.
When I charged in on him, I was fully expecting to be the one downed.
Looks like Maekawa's getting all fired up now.
He's going to pull something big next.
Judge: “Devil Stronger, one down. Resuming match.”
Judge: “Fight!”
Maekawa: “I'll show you the terror of Devil Stronger!”
I'm pretty sure you just raised a death flag.
Akiho: “Kai, he looks super mad...!”
Kaito: “...”
I stay fully aware of the distance between us, and try to flank him.
I have the faster movement speed.
It shouldn't be too hard to get behind him.
Maekawa: “Quit movin' around and fight me!”
I ignore his taunts.
Devil Stronger's turning speed is comparatively slow.
Once I get into his blind spot, hitting him with a combo should be easy peasy.
I close the distance in an instant.
Hm, I'm still not quite used to this.
I pull myself together and try again.
But the second I finish inputting the command, something feels off.
I think I might've screwed up the range.
Akiho: “Gunval Rush!”
Kaito: “Tch...”
I figured as much.
The hit was shallow.
I'm still not used to the Prez's attack range.
Nonetheless, that attack should have shaken Devil Stronger up a bit.
Sadly, its auto-balancer is extremely good.
Despite looking like it might fall over, it carefully rebalances itself.
Kaito: “Dammit...!”
Before I can do anything, Devil Stronger is within range.
I try to put some distance between us by hitting the dash button, but...
Crap, this isn't Kill-Ballad. There's no dash button!
Plus, the Honorary Prez can't go in reverse. Turning 90 degrees and crab walking is my fastest option for retreat.
Unfortunately, because of my near-whiff, I react too late.
A fatal mistake.
Maekawa: “Haha! Taste the power of my Devil Stronger!”
Akiho: “Kai, ruuun!”
Kaito: “...!”
Devil Stronger spreads both arms wide.
It then immediately starts spinning its upper body around, using its torso as an axis...
Akiho: “Aaaah!”
Devil Stronger's windstorm of a lariat smashes into the Prez and sends it flying out of the ring.
Judge: “Down!”
Announcer: “It emerges at last! The single move that claimed countless victims in the last ROBO-ONE... the ‘Double Lariat from Hell’!”
Announcer: “Like so many before them, the high schoolers from Tanegashima have been baptized by its unbeatable power!”
I get it now...
So, that's his combat strategy.
He's all about powering through his opponents.
Akiho's intel was spot on.
As soon as I enter its attack range, it's over.
The weight difference is too great.
Akiho runs over to where the Prez landed below the ring and picks it up.
As soon as she stands it up on the home position, she breathes a sigh of relief.
She checks the joints for any unnatural bending. The little dude did get sent flying, after all.
Akiho: “It's okay. There's a tiny crack in his shoulder, but everything else is good to go.”
Akiho: “That attack was pretty crazy...”
Kaito: “I wish you'd told me about it beforehand.”
Akiho: “Oh, that's a good point... Sorry, I messed up...”
Announcer: “We witnessed the fury of the Double Lariat from Hell in the last ROBO-ONE!”
Announcer: “Nobody had an answer for Devil Stronger's invincible, demonic attack!”
Announcer: “It leaves no openings, and it functions both offensively and defensively! In addition, it seems its rotation speed has increased even further from the last tournament!”
Announcer: “It's starting to look like Devil Stronger will take this entire tournament!”
Maekawa: “Hah, obviously! Like hell I'd lose to a couple of amateur brats!”
Maekawa: “But I ain't done yet! I gotta teach you a lesson! I ain't gonna be happy till I scrap that pile of junk!”
Akiho: “Wh-What should we do, Kai...?”
Kaito: “...”
Judge: “Devil Stronger, one down. TanegashiMachine 3 Custom, one down. Resuming match.”
Judge: “Fight!”
Maekawa: “It's over! Howl, Devil Stronger! Double Lariat from Hell!”
Wow. And here I thought Akiho was the only one crazy enough to yell out attack names.
But it looks like that's all he's good for.
Did he seriously start using his double lariat while I'm outside of his attack range?
Akiho: “Kai!”
I ignore Akiho's desperate-sounding cry.
I advance as close as I can without entering Devil Stronger's range.
And then I simply watch.
I'm looking for a blind spot in that so-called invincible special attack of his.
Kaito: “I've gotta eye it perfectly...”
I'm not flustered.
In fact, I'm calmer than when the match started.
Actually, I'm excited.
My mind is clear. All I'm focused on is the match.
Maekawa: “If you won't come to me, I'll go to you, brat!”
I guess he's done waiting.
With its upper body still spinning, Devil Stronger approaches.
...There!
Shit. Calm down and find the right timing again...!
While it's still spinning around...!
My timing by eye is perfect.
I also corrected my range mistake.
The impact of my attack goes right into its weight.
As a bonus, the whole rush combo hits the mark.
Devil Stronger, 1.5 times the height of the Honorary Prez, goes flying out of the ring.
Judge: “Down!”
Maekawa: “I-Impossible!”
Akiho: “Wait, Kai... What did you just do?!”
Even Akiho is totally dumbfounded.
Akiho: “How did you break through the Double Lariat from Hell?!”
Kaito: “Hmm, you know what a top is, right? It's similar to that.”
Kaito: “With the upper body spinning around that much, the lower body gets really unstable.”
Kaito: “So, all I needed to do was give it a little vertical impact, and that sent it reeling off balance.”
Akiho: “Not horizontal?”
Kaito: “Nope, vertical. Up and down.”
If I tried to oppose it on the horizontal axis, those spinning arms would have sent me flying.
All I did was match its timing, then hit one of Devil Stronger's spinning arms from below with a Gunval Upper.
The timing was super tight, so it would have been difficult for anyone but me to land the hit.
Then, with the centrifugal force from the rotation throwing it off balance, I finished it off with a Gunval Rush—my flashiest combo.
Though to be honest, that last bit was just so I could style on Maekawa. A little bit of revenge for earlier.
Maekawa: “You're kidding, this is impossible... Devil Stronger's Double Lariat from Hell can't be defeated...”
Judge: “Red corner! Hurry up and return your robot to the ring!”
After being warned by the referee, Maekawa grabs Devil Stronger and returns it to the ring, a dumbfounded expression on his face.
Judge: “Devil Stronger, two downs. TanegashiMachine 3 Custom, one down. Match point.”
Maekawa: “Impossible... Impossible! Impossibleimpossibleimpossible!”
Oh dear, he's lost it.
Judge: “Fight!”
Maekawa: “I can't accept this! Devil Stronger is the strongest robot in the universe! RAAAAAH!”
He who knows little often repeats it, I guess.
Once again, Maekawa starts up the Double Lariat from Hell while I'm outside of his attack range.
Kaito: “I'm telling you, I got the pattern down already.”
I already know how to counter this.
If there's no input error, I can take Devil Stronger down with the same series of moves. How does he not get this?
While the Double Lariat from Hell might've dominated the last tournament, it's nothing but a handicap for him now.
Don't rush...
You got the timing once already.
I use the exact same method as before and put a stop to his raging typhoon.
As my follow-up attack, I twist my waist 90 degrees and hit it with my own lariat.
Akiho: “Gunval Lariat!”
Devil Stronger promptly falls over in the ring.
Judge: “Down!”
Judge: “With three knockdowns, the winner is TanegashiMachine 3 Custom!”
There's a moment of silence.
Only to be followed by tremendous cheering pouring down on us.
Akiho: “You did it... You did it!”
Akiho hugs me tightly.
Akiho: “I always believed you'd win, Kai!”
Funny considering how she looked like she was gonna cry mid-match.
Kaito: “We're not done yet. This was just round one of the prelims.”
Akiho: “You don't get it! This victory means everything!”
Announcer: “A stunning upset! Wow! Devil Stronger, one of the top robots slated to win it all, has been defeated in the very first round of the prelims!”
Announcer: “And the team to do it is none other than an unknown Robotics Club from Tanegashima—”
Announcer: “Wait, wait, hold on just a moment! I've just received some important information!”
Announcer: “Incredible! The Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club responsible for the winning TanegashiMachine 3 Custom iiiiiiiis...”
Announcer: “The very same one that won the championship nine years ago! With TanegashiMachine 3, no less!”
Announcer: “Furthermore, the operator of the OG #03 was Senomiya Misaki-san! That's right! Senomiya Misaki of ExCo! WOOOO HOOO!”
Announcer: “The Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club has suddenly become a must-watch competitor! Keep an eye on Senomiya-san's successors!”
Judge: “Both parties, exit the ring!”
Maekawa: “Impossible... This is impossible...”
Maekawa looks like his soul has left his body, a far cry from his attitude from earlier.
He slumps his shoulders and trudges away.
I can't help but feel unsatisfied as I watch him in the corner of my eye.
