Akiho: “HEEELLLOOO! DOOOCCC!”
Fujita: “...”
Akiho: “TURN! DOWN! THE! MUSIC!”
Fujita: “...”
Akiho: “Hahh, phew...”
The sound of Akiho's heavy breathing replaces the loud music after Doc cranks the volume down.
Akiho: “Whew, good afternoon, Doc...”
Fujita: “Ain't you a noisy little twerp.”
Akiho: “H-Huh?”
The music was way louder than her, though... Huh, pretty sure I just heard Akiho's internal screams while I was thinking that. I'm with her on this one.
Listening to music that loud for so long would bust up anyone's ears. I wonder if Doc is feeling it.
Fujita: “So, you got the money? Like I said before, I ain't coming down a dime.”
Akiho: “Yes, I did... I got an advance on my next New Year's money and my allowances for next month and the one after. Ugh...”
In the end, her plan to get Daitoku Junna's help ended in failure.
And since neither I nor Mitchie pitched in, Akiho paid for it all on her own. That's our president! I'm so proud of her.
Which brings us to the present, where Akiho is regretfully staring at the cash she just pulled out of her wallet.
Fujita: “An Ogawada battery, charger, and an AC adaptor. With shipping costs waived and including tax, that's 8,000 yen even.”
Akiho: “Here...”
Akiho reluctantly hands him eight bills with Hideyo's face on them.
Doc tries to take the cash, but Akiho refuses to let go, keeping her fingers tightly pinched around the bills.
Fujita: “...What's this now?”
Akiho: “Please, just give me a 1,000 yen discount!”
Fujita: “Quit your whining! Don't insult the hard work of a pro!”
Akiho: “Why do you gotta be so hardheaded...?!”
Akiho's final Hail Mary to obtain a discount has no effect on Doc, surprising nobody.
After snatching the cash away without a hint of a smile, Doc hands the battery pack over to Akiho.
Fujita: “There you go.”
Fujita: “Services are free. I doubt anything's gonna happen, but if something ever goes wrong, you come see me.”
He might be a scary old rocker, but he's actually pretty good about this sort of thing.
Fujita: “Oh, I'll give you a test board, too.”
He pulls out a palm-sized circuit board from his drawer.
Fujita: “You're gonna run a test on your servomotor, right?”
Akiho: “Wait, you're giving me that?!”
Fujita: “Hmph. These days, they cost less than a 100 yen to make. But you're on your own with the plugs and batteries.”
Akiho: “You made this just for us?”
Fujita: “This is what being a pro is all about. Get it?”
Akiho: “What a pro! Pleasure doing business with you!”
Says the person who just called him “hardheaded.”
Akiho: “Man, what a good buy!”
And just like that, Akiho's mood has skyrocketed.
She seems really happy with Doc's little bonus.
Kaito: “Now all you gotta do is put it back together again.”
Akiho: “Nope, not just yet! I still gotta think of a special move.”
Kaito: “Wha...? You haven't given up on that yet?”
Akiho: “Given up on what?”
Kaito: “The special move.”
Akiho: “Of course not. I'm constantly trying to think of something that'd be useful in real combat, but I'm drawing a blank.”
Akiho: “And if it's gonna transform and stuff, I need to come up with a move before the day's over or I'm screwed.”
Kaito: “...”
Well, I guess she can do whatever she wants, just as long as she doesn't shoot herself in the foot.
Although, I know for a fact she's gonna struggle over this. I can just picture her regretting her decision.
I can already hear her yelling, “I should never have put in such a dumb feature!”
The image of Akiho turning bright red and stomping over to me to ruffle up my hair is as clear as day.
