Kaito: “Whew...”
I gently lift my head and notice that light is coming in from outside the window.
I've been sitting on this hard seat for so long that my body aches all over. I stretch out a bit in my seat.
Kaito: “Didn't think we'd be spending the night in a burger joint...”
We figured we had a hotel reserved, but after getting to Haneda Airport, Mitchie delivered a shocking announcement.
Mitsuhiko: “All right, open your ears and listen well.”
Mitsuhiko: “We're not gettin' a hotel, got it?No money in the budget. That's a pro tip.Or just common sense. Study it well.”
And then he moved on like it was no big deal.
And so we set out for Odaiba, the place where ROBO-ONE is held, and spent the night in a 24-hour burger joint.
Mitsuhiko: “Every day is a chance to learn, Yashio. Life in Tokyo is new and unfamiliar. This experience'll be integral to yer future.”
Kaito: “Well, I guess you're right that everything is unfamiliar.”
On the island, the only 24-hour joint is a diner in Nishinoomote. We also only have two convenience stores in total.
And then you have the fact that even in the middle of the night, Tokyo is lit up pretty darn bright.
As someone accustomed to the darkness of the island, that brightness was actually a little scary.
I even ended up looking for that ominous aurora in the sky.
Fortunately, the blood-red ooze was in the sky where it always was, serving as a reminder that we weren't too far from Tanegashima.
And such was my first night in Tokyo. A priceless experience or something.
Mitsuhiko: “And hey, is this your first time at a WcD, Yashio? Well? How was the burger your beloved teach treated you to?”
WcD is short for WcDonald's, a fast food joint. It's the place for burgers in Japan, but we have none on Tanegashima.
Even though we're nearly 20 years into the 21st century.
Kaito: “This isn't my first time. I've had WcD twice on Kagoshima.”
Their burgers are totally fine, and the one I had yesterday was no different. I could've gone for another, though.
Kaito: “Look, WcD isn't important right now.”
If possible, we wanted to avoid being exhausted due to spending the night on such hard chairs.
For Akiho and I, that was important.
There's the threat of having an attack at any time.
The more we strain our bodies, the easier it is for an attack to occur.
As soon as we found out that we didn't have a hotel booked, the first thing I worried about was having an attack.
So right now, it's basically like I'm holding onto a bomb with a lit fuse.
Who knows when it could explode?
Either way, I know for sure that it's lit.
And once the fuse is lit, it won't stop until it explodes.
It's just a question of when.
I have no control over that, so all I can do is pray.
I'd prefer it if it occurred at a time and place that would cause as little trouble as possible to the people around me.
I grit my teeth.
This condition is irritating as hell.
It sucks having to worry about this while I already have other things to deal with.
I'm so fed up that I want to scream.
I want to go back to the island right this minute.
Kaito: “So, Mitchie, have you already entered us into ROBO-ONE?”
Mitsuhiko: “Nope. Outside of the seeded teams, everyone else needs to go to the venue and register in person... I think.”
He thinks...? So much for his great leadership...
Kaito: “What time?”
Mitsuhiko: “Uh, 9:00 if I recall. Also if my memory serves me right! That's a pro tip.”
Kaito: “Wow. Amazing, Mitchie. You're as useless as always.”
Mitsuhiko: “Wh-What'd you say?! You need to show your teacher some respect!”
I ignore Mitchie's whining for now.
It's 8:50.
If registration starts at 9:00, we need to head to the venue now or we'll be in trouble.
I have no choice. I wanted to let her rest a little longer, but I'm gonna have to wake Akiho up.
She's in the seat next to me, face down on the table and snoozing away.
Up until an hour ago, she was doing the final adjustments to the Prez's programming, eventually dozing off.
She looked really comfortable, and since I felt any final tweaks couldn't be that important, I let her sleep.
But since Akiho's the only one who actually knows the correct registration time, I gotta wake her up.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, wake up. We need to go soon.”
Akiho: “Nnnn...”
Still half asleep, Akiho irritatedly swipes away my hand shaking her shoulder.
Slightly annoyed, I shake her shoulder again.
Kaito: “Aki-chaaan, it's morniiing.”
Akiho: “Nnn, doo doo, I'm lovin' it...”
Is she dreaming?
Since she's not waking up, I sigh and forcefully pull on her ear.
Akiho: “Ow, ow, ow, owww!”
Akiho's hands claw at the air.
Kaito: “Awake now?”
Akiho: “I'm awake! That hurts!”
I release my hand, and she glares at me resentfully.
Her eyes are red. That's what a lack of sleep will do to you.
Akiho: “That was just mean, Kai...”
Kaito: “You looked so comfy sleeping that I couldn't help but wanna mess with you.”
Akiho: “...Wait, was I asleep?!”
She suddenly looks around in a panic.
Akiho: “Oh crap, this is bad... I wasn't finished with the program yet...”
Mitsuhiko: “Seriously, Little Senomiya? You're not done yet?”
Akiho: “You just sat back and watched, so I don't wanna hear that coming from you...”
Kaito: “More importantly, what time does registration for ROBO-ONE start?”
Akiho: “Huh, what time is it now?!”
Kaito: “Just before 9:00.”
Akiho: “Crap! It starts at 9:00! We gotta go!”
Even though she was asleep just a second ago, she's already clamoring about...
Mitsuhiko: “All right! Both of you, follow your teacher!”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “...”
Neither of us respond to Mitchie's order.
We leave the restaurant and cross a roadway via an overhead walkway. The road below is filled with cars.
There are so many cars that I can't help but stop and stare.
Now that it's daytime outside, I take another look at my surroundings.
So, this is Tokyo.
One of the biggest metropolises in the world. The bay area is under large-scale redevelopment for next year's Expo.
Giant buildings made with cutting-edge 21st century tech lined up side by side. This is a common sight across Odaiba.
They're all probably taller than the ones by Kagoshima Station... At the very least, I know I've never seen buildings this big in person before.
Across Tokyo Bay and the Rainbow Bridge, countless buildings line the shore. You can even see the Tokyo Tower, which is currently being taken apart due to its age.
Honestly, I've never seen this many buildings before.
There are no mountains or forests. Everything's man-made as far as the eye can see.
Compared to the island, Odaiba is hot and muggy. The air feels like it's clinging to my skin, and I'm not a big fan.
The hazy sky makes everything feel all the more suffocating.
It's like the buildings and sky around me are going to come collapsing in.
It's like I'm going to choke on my own breath.
Misa-nee's been living in this city for six years already...
Right after crossing the overhead walkway, the Odaiba Arena comes into view.
Akiho: “Mmm...! What a good morning!”
Akiho is refreshed and recharged since she splashed her face in the restroom. She leads the way, a skip in her step.
Kaito: “You're sure in high spirits for someone who just woke up...”
Akiho: “The Robotics Club's fate is on the line today! I gotta be in high spirits!”
Mitsuhiko: “All right, kids. As your teacher, I have a proposition. Let's sing the school anthem! Singing's good for the soul!”
Kaito: “No way.”
Akiho: “Mitchie, that's not gonna help our spirits at all... Though I can't deny that singing is the pinnacle of culture.”
Mitsuhiko: “Y-You guys... You're making your teacher so sad!”
For some reason, the downtrodden Mitchie just runs off into the distance. I think it's safe to ignore him for now.
Akiho: “I'll finish the rest of the program with sheer willpower, so don't you worry, Kai.”
Kaito: “So what you're saying is... no practice time, eh?”
Akiho: “I'm sorry...”
No rehearsal time is gonna hurt.
Today's the qualifiers, so I just have to pray I don't get matched against a veteran. Gonna have to learn as I play.
The plaza in front of the venue is already crowded with people.
There are teenagers like us in school uniforms, middle-aged men, and even some women who look like they could be models.
Akiho: “You wait around here, Kai. I'll go register for us.”
I guess I'm on luggage duty.
If our beloved Honorary Prez got stolen by a rival or something, we'd be real screwed.
Not that I expect anyone wants our junky, decade-old hobby robot.
Kaito: “Aki-chan.”
I call to Akiho from behind.
Akiho: “Hm?”
Kaito: “Don't push yourself too hard, okay?”
Akiho: “Yeah. Thanks.”
She smiles and strikes a pose, then walks off alone toward the Expo Arena.
Now then, I've got some free time until she returns...
Mitchie's off who-knows-where.
I crouch down in place and close my eyes.
Kaito: “...”
If I focus my awareness into my mind...
I can feel the blood flowing around inside my body.
At the same time, feelings like unease and impatience start welling up from within.
It's obvious that the fuse is getting shorter.
But I still have no clue how much of it is left.
I want to conquer this mental weakness that's been tormenting me. I want to forget about the anxiety caused by this bomb, but I can't.
So, if I'm going to endure all this, I might as well relieve some stress by playing Kill-Ballad.
Truth be told, I spent the entire night playing at WcD. That's why I didn't sleep much, if at all.
After playing the game in Tokyo, I can hardly withstand my own intense excitement.
Why, you ask? Because there's basically no lag in multiplayer!
On Tanegashima, due to connection issues and the like, there's simply no way to avoid the effects of lag.
Hell, until last night, I figured it was totally normal. I thought everyone was dealing with lag to some extent.
But when I started up KB for the first time in Tokyo, it was completely different from playing on the island.
The response time to my inputs was so smooth that it made me feel like I was playing a different game altogether.
In matches between top rankers, a difference in only a few frames of input decides victory and defeat.
So, for a game like Kill-Ballad, a lag-free environment is practically a paradise.
Ironically, since I'm used to playing with heavy lag, the accurate timing led me to lose to some low-tier players.
But thanks to the thrill of playing KB in its true form, I forgot about my anxiety. It was like a kind of tranquilizer.
Maybe I should move to Tokyo if it means no more lag. A part of me is seriously considering college here just for that.
It's pretty common for universities with lower score ceilings to not fill up, so I should be able to get in somewhere.
Kaito: “Wh-Whoa, Tagirin!”
I end up shouting out loud.
I just got matched with number four on the leaderboards, TAGIRINGER. I call them ‘Tagirin.’
This marks my first time getting matched with someone higher in rank than me while in a lag-free environment.
While I'm still only ranked fifth, TAGIRINGER is the only player in the top five that I truly respect.
All four players higher than me play in complete silence without using VC.
TAGIRINGER is no exception. Hell, they don't even respond to text chat. I have no idea what kind of person they are.
What I do know is that they're crazy strong.
If we're talking win/loss records, I've lost the overwhelming majority of our encounters.
But that's exactly why I always challenge them when I can.
Like now, even though I'm still not used to the lack of lag.
But you know what? A true Kill-Ballad player would accept the challenge anyway.
Kaito: “A truly worthy opponent... Hehe.”
I lick my lips and start to psych myself up.
I've already managed to stuff my anxiety into the corner of my mind.
Kaito: “All riiight...! Hoh hoh hoooh!”
I forget that there are people around me and shout into the air.
I can't help but get hyped up when I beat someone strong. Strange for me, right? I guess it's an adrenaline rush.
But here's the thing: you can't rise in rank by just winning once.
I need to raise my win ratio against the high-tier rankers.
Kaito: “Aghh, damn it...!”
I get the urge to hurl my PokeCom at the ground.
They really are strong...
Kaito: “If only I had more time to get used to this...”
TAGIRINGER disconnects after just one match.
Aw, man. I wanted to fight them a few more times at the very least.
I close Kill-Ballad, a bit downtrodden.
After I yawn, I begin to stretch in an attempt to fight off my drowsiness.
Fortunately, I've managed to drive off some of my anxiety toward the bomb I'm carrying.
I'm fine. It doesn't even phase me.
In a little while, the Robotics Club—me and Akiho—will stand on the same stage that Misa-nee did nine years ago.
I don't really care about the club getting shuttered if I lose.
But I admittedly do kinda wanna win the championship like Misa-nee did all those years ago.
Kaito: “So... don't get in my way.”
I can't help but mutter that to the bomb inside of me.
