Cabin Crew: “We have arrived at Tanegashima Airport on schedule. Thank you for flying with JAC, Japan Air Connect.”
Once the plane comes to a halt, the passengers rise up from their seats and head toward the exit door.
Akiho: “Mitchie, wake up!”
Mitchie slept like a log for the entire flight, including the landing. G-force ain't got nothing on him, I guess.
Akiho pokes him on the cheek, but he doesn't move a muscle.
Kaito: “Just plug his nose and cover his mouth.”
Akiho: “Eww, you do it, Kai...”
Here goes nothing. And just a little bit after I begin...
Mitsuhiko: “Fgggah!”
Mitchie flails wildly as he wakes up after nearly suffocating.
Kaito: “Can you please take your job seriously?”
Mitsuhiko: “Oh, we're here. All right! You kids are heading straight to school. Heads up, this is gonna count as a tardy.”
Akiho: “Hahhh, I don't wanna go to school today...”
Kaito: “Because you don't wanna see the vice principal?”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
I can totally see the VP immediately disbanding the club the second she sees Akiho.
But at the end of the day, if it doesn't happen today, it'll happen tomorrow.
Mitsuhiko: “...Hey, is it just me, or is it kinda loud outside?”
Kaito: “What?”
Outside?
The three of us are the only ones left on the plane.
I peek outside and see a ton of people standing on the aircraft apron.
I don't think I've ever seen so many people at this airport.
There's gotta be over a hundred of them out there.
Akiho: “What's going on?”
That's when I see lights flashing on and off.
Camera flashes?
Mitsuhiko: “I'm guessing they're here to interview the runner-ups of this year's ROBO-ONE for their latest smash hit-article! Hah, I kid.”
Kaito: “...Everyone knows second place means nothing.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
I wanted to stand at the very top of the summit. To be #1.
I wanted to stand shoulder to shoulder with Misa-nee.
Whether that be in KB, or ROBO-ONE.
As a gamer, if I'm entering a competition, of course I'd want to come out on top.
But the reason we failed this time is entirely because of my lack of skill.
Akiho: “You've done more than enough, Kai.”
Akiho: “Thanks for sticking with me all this time.”
Akiho places her hand on my shoulder and offers me some words of encouragement.
Kaito: “Well, it's a little disappointing that I'll be losing my favorite after-school chill spot.”
Akiho: “The Robotics Club doesn't exist so you can chill out, Kai...”
We finally make our way out of the plane. We've already been sitting around for way too long.
The flight attendant is looking out the window, dumbfounded. We pass by her and disembark.
It's then that we come face to face with the giant crowd of people.
Surrounded by the sea of people and cameras...
...Is the very same girl I made eye contact with earlier.
Maybe she really is a celebrity or something.
Journalist A: “Is it true you're the creator of Kill-Ballad ONLINE?!”
Journalist B: “Why've you been keeping your identity a secret all this time?”
Journalist C: “How old are you?!”
Journalist D: “Is it true that you're relocating to Tanegashima?! If so, why?!”
Journalist E: “Please tell us your three sizes!”
Journalist F: “Are you really the Frau Koujiro?!”
I hear the reporters' questions pile up one by one, and I can't believe my ears.
Frau Koujiro?
It's this random girl?
I assumed Frau Koujiro was some dude in his thirties.
But...
You're telling me that this girl, the one who looks about my age...
Is the one who made KB?
The very same one who shared the KB source code with me?
Kaito: “Frau Koujiro...?!”
Frau: “...No.”
Suddenly, the girl who had been quiet until now lets out a quiet mumble.
She ignores all the journalists surrounding her and zooms straight in on me.
Frau: “I'm not Frau Koujiro.”
Kaito: “Wha...?”
Frau: “You're too much of a noob to get it right. SMH.”
Frau: “My name is...”
Frau: “Koujiro Frau.”
As she says this, Frau Koujiro—no, Koujiro Frau—curves her lips upward.
Frau: “Duhuhu.”
And then she laughs.
