In any case, Akiho continued her strenuous efforts alone, as the Robotics Club's brave president.
She used the entirety of her day off on Saturday and finally finished reassembling the Prez.
Akiho: “Kabooom! Zoom zip zaaaam!”
Akiho makes exaggerated sound effects as she presents the Honorary Prez to me.
Akiho: “Feast your eyes upon the newly reborn TanegashiMachine 3!”
Kaito: “You seriously spent your valuable day off before exams on this...?”
Akiho: “Y-You promised not to talk about that.”
The only real change to the robot's appearance is the tail-like protrusion on its butt. It's attached to a caster.
This appears to be the mechanism for the special attack that Akiho mentioned before.
Akiho: “If possible, I wanted to replace all the servos and sensors with new, higher performance ones.”
Akiho: “If only we had more time and money...!”
Infinite cash and time... Now there's a wish that'll never come true.
Kaito: “So, did you have enough screws?”
Akiho: “Of course I did... I would never make a mistake like that. And I didn't end up with any extra screws, either!”
Kaito: “I'm happy for you.”
Kaito: “So is that the end of your completion ceremony or whatever?”
About an hour ago, Akiho called and woke me up at this ungodly hour, saying “I've got an announcement to make, so please make sure you come to school today!”
Akiho: “Yup! All finished.”
Akiho: “It's time to test this baby out!”
Akiho: “There's a week left till ROBO-ONE. We gotta test him out so we can get used to his control scheme and squash any remaining bugs along the way.”
ROBO-ONE spans two days: next Saturday and Sunday.
Honestly, I don't know if I should be annoyed there's only one week left, or happy we still have a whole week to go.
Whatever, I'm not gonna stress out over it.
Akiho: “Lucky for us, final exams next week means school ends at lunchtime everyday. We have plenty of time.”
Kaito: “I see you have zero intention of studying.”
Akiho: “This isn't the time for studying.”
Akiho sticks her thumb up and grins.
Yup... this is game over.
Either way, she's decided to do her operational tests in the school hallway.
I guess I'll watch while playing some Kill-Ballad.
Akiho: “Umm...”
Akiho holds a large controller in one hand and carefully reads the manual spread out on the floor of the hallway.
Kaito: “Is it just me, or does that controller have a few too many switches?”
Akiho: “Huh? Hmm...”
The thing's covered in dust after being in storage for a decade. It has two control sticks and more than ten different switches on it.
As a result, it looks a hell of a lot more intimidating than the old controllers that came with RC toys.
Kaito: “That's the Prez's controller?”
Akiho: “Yup, it is.”
Akiho proudly confirms that for me as she looks up from the manual.
Akiho: “Did you know my Big Sis came up with a unique system in order to make him easier to control?”
Kaito: “Did she now?”
Akiho: “After seeing such godlike operation at ROBO-ONE, the audience was blown away.”
Akiho takes a deep breath and blows on the controller.
Akiho: “Cough, cough...”
She can't help but cough as a cloud of dust from the controller bursts into the air around her.
This is what happens when you try to do things the quick and easy way. She should've wiped it down first.
Akiho: “Just looking at the manual isn't gonna get me anywhere. I gotta learn by actually moving him around myself.”
Akiho: “Kai, help me out.”
Kaito: “If you want my help, then beat me at—”
Akiho: “Argh, c'mon! I just want you to help me stand him up is all.”
Fiiine, I guess I can do that much.
I nod, and Akiho hands the Prez to me.
It's actually pretty heavy.
Now that I'm holding it for myself, I can tell that it's heavier than it looks.
Akiho: “Put both his feet on the ground and make him stand.”
I do as I'm told and stand the Honorary Prez up in the hallway.
However, it can't stand like this on its own, so I support it by holding its shoulders.
During this time, Akiho flips the power switch on its back to “ON.”
The Prez looks like it shudders for just a second.
Accompanied by the sound of spinning motors, it straightens its back out and corrects its posture.
Akiho: “All right, it worked!”
Akiho: “Kai, you can let go now.”
When I take my hands off of it, the Prez stands up gallantly. It's like he's a completely different robot.
Kaito: “How'd you do that?”
Akiho: “When the power came on, all the servomotor gears auto-returned to their preset home positions.”
Akiho: “Long story short, it's a posture that allows it to stand independently.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
I figured it had studied the terrain and then automatically adjusted its posture to stand up on its own.
Akiho: “Alrighty, preparations complete!”
Akiho looks at the Honorary Prez and gives it a satisfied smile. She readies the bulky controller in her hands.
Akiho: “The time has finally come! TanegashiMachine 3, launch!”
Akiho's hands begin to fiddle with the controller.
The Honorary Prez takes a step forward with its left leg.
I gotta admit, seeing it walk is starting to get me a little excited.
The Honorary Prez takes another step with its left leg.
Then the left leg again.
Kaito: “Er, it's only moving its left leg.”
Which means it's just rotating in place with the right leg as its axis.
Akiho: “Oh, whoops. I messed up, hehe.”
Akiho: “Once more, with gusto!”
This time, the right leg moves.
Then the left leg again.
Right leg.
Left. Right. Left. Right.
Akiho: “Look! Look! He's walking!”
Kaito: “Looks like it. So what the heck was going on before?”
Akiho: “I just messed up for a sec...”
Left leg. Right leg. Right. Left. Right. Left. Left. The left moves a little, then the right.
It's not walking all that well.
How bad at controlling it do you have to be to make it move like this?
Akiho: “The timing's super tough...”
I stand next to Akiho and watch her finger movements.
That said, they're relatively simple.
She's alternating between pushing the left and right control sticks upward.
I guess each stick corresponds to a leg?
Kaito: “How do you move the arms?”
Akiho: “The arms are... Hold on a second.”
Akiho stops moving her hands and looks at the manual on the floor.
Akiho: “Let's see, the mode switch is... here. There we go.”
She appears to search for something on the controller before flipping a switch on its back.
Akiho: “When you flip this switch...”
Akiho returns to the two control sticks that were manipulating TanegashiMachine 3's legs earlier.
Only now, the Honorary Prez's arms are linked to their movement. They move up, down, left, and right.
Akiho: “Whoaaa, it's perfect!”
To be honest, the movement tracing is pretty accurate, so it's impressive how freely the little guy can move around.
The only problem...
Kaito: “Wait, so does that mean you can't control the legs and arms simultaneously?”
Akiho: “Yup.”
“Yup,” she says.
Kaito: “Wait, are you telling me this is the revolutionary control scheme that shook the very foundations of ROBO-ONE?!”
Akiho: “Yup.”
How did Misa-nee manage to win like this...?
Akiho: “You just don't get it, Kai.”
Akiho: “People were impressed specifically because of how amazingly my Big Sis fought using this control scheme.”
Akiho: “I've seen her do it myself, and it really was amazing.”
Akiho: “She was constantly moving her fingers, never stopping them for even a second.”
Akiho: “The controller was making noises nonstop. You could hear the flipping of switches constantly. Click, click. Click, click.”
Akiho: “She was able to use both control sticks and all 14 switches in order to deal with any opponent she'd come across.”
Akiho: “If anything, I'd argue that operating TanegashiMachine 3 is something that only she can pull off.”
Kaito: “Makes sense...”
I definitely agree that Misa-nee is the only one who could make this thing work...
Kaito: “And you plan to use that super difficult control scheme. Am I on the right track?”
Akiho: “Th-That's why I'm practicing now, to get used to it...”
Kaito: “Isn't ROBO-ONE in a week?”
Akiho: “It is.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “That's impossible.”
Akiho: “...”
When I point that out to her, Akiho hangs her head.
Akiho: “It'll be fine...”
Akiho: “I may not be able to reach my Big Sis's level in a week, but I'm sure I can get decent enough at it!”
Akiho: “Everything'll work out just fine.”
Akiho: “If I have time to give up, I have time to practice!”
When she raises her head, she's even more spirited than she was before.
Akiho: “I'll master this crazy controller no matter what! Hoooh, I'm getting fired up...!”
Here we go again... Ridiculously optimistic as ever.
But see, even for a fighting game player like me, it'd take like a month to get a feel for these controls.
It'd be faster to change the controls to something easier for Akiho. If it were me, I'd have it play like KB.
Needless to say, I don't tell Akiho any of this.
She can do whatever she wants.
It isn't my place to interject.
Akiho: “Anyway, Kai, look! This is what I was talking about the other day! TanegashiMachine 3's special attack!”
Akiho wears a proud expression on her face, then presses the red button on the controller.
The Honorary Prez suddenly bends forward.
Maintaining that pose, it falls backward onto its butt.
Kaito: “Er, did it just fall down?”
Akiho: “This is only the beginning.”
Oh?
Akiho: “GOOOO!”
Then, still in the same pose, it suddenly blasts forward!
Akiho: “Hehe, how'd you like that? He has casters on his heels and butt. Those allow him to charge super fast and use his ultra sliding kick!”
Akiho: “It works as a surprise attack, or with good timing it can even be used to dodge an opponent and counterattack.”
Akiho: “I call it the ‘Tanegashi Accel Impact!’”
Kaito: “Pretty sure that's plagiarism.”
Akiho: “Don't sweat the details!”
She's right. It doesn't really matter.
More importantly...
Kaito: “Um, when's it gonna stop?”
The Honorary Prez just keeps charging along down the long hallway.
Akiho: “Oh, crap! Kai, stop him!”
Kaito: “How?”
Akiho: “Chase him!”
Kaito: “Hold on, there's no way to remotely stop it...?”
Akiho: “It would've been way too complicated to build that into him!”
I was honestly pretty curious about this special attack thing because Akiho kept going on about it, but I guess I only have myself to blame for expecting anything.
Victory is looking more and more like a pipe dream.
Akiho continued practicing for the rest of the afternoon.
I quietly played Kill-Ballad while she struggled with the controls. Needless to say, no studying happened.
