The crowd's excitement has reached its peak.
The audience is shouting and stomping to express their excitement over the thrilling grand finals match.
The earth-shaking fervor of the crowd is directed at the two in the center of the arena: Mr. Pleiades and Yashio Kaito.
Sawada: “Fascinating moves indeed.”
Misaki: “...”
Sawada: “Has there been an auroral breakup?”
Misaki: “A large-scale solar flare took place about 12 hours ago. A high-speed CME has been confirmed.”
Misaki: “I've yet to confirm it with my own eyes, but there is a high possibility that an aurora is visible.”
Misaki: “That said, this particular scale of solar flare has been commonplace over the last few years.”
Sawada: “You surmise that is not the cause, then?”
Misaki: “...”
Sawada: “Chuo Tanegashima High...”
Sawada: “If I'm not mistaken, is that not your alma mater?”
Misaki: “It is.”
Sawada: “What about them?”
Misaki: “The control scheme they devised is indeed unique, but their combat strategy is unrefined and reckless.”
Misaki: “I believe we should view it as nothing more than a fluke.”
Sawada: “How incredibly strict.”
Sawada: “But that is not what I was asking.”
Sawada: “I am asking if you know them or not.”
Misaki: “...I do. I know them very well.”
Sawada: “Report the details to me at a later time.”
Misaki: “Understood.”
Sawada: “I shall leave the rest to you. Tell them that as far as the sponsorship is concerned, we will pay double or more.”
Misaki: “Where are you going?”
Sawada: “To see how the Committee is faring.”
Misaki: “...”
The arena is quite far from here.
Even though the physical distance is so close...
From here, I can't tell how the two of them—my childhood friend and little sister—are taking the crowd's cheers.
There's a broadcast monitor in this VIP room that allows me to see them.
But they're nothing but data passing through the screen.
Fiction disguised as reality.
Misaki: “You're still trapped, Kai.”
I caress the surface of the glass with my fingers.
The transparent wall separating us is cold, a fierce contrast to the passionate spectators in the arena.
Misaki: “This isn't the right stuff...”
I press my nails against the glass, trying to prevent my nerves from erupting.
