Daitoku Junna is in Class 3-1, the one next to mine.
I stealthily peek into the classroom.
Daitoku-san was one of my classmates when we were second years, so I know what she looks like.
She's short, baby-faced, and looks like a middle school boy.
She's in the Karate Club, but she's the only member in the entire school.
Daitoku-san's family runs a karate dojo. If I recall correctly, she's been a martial artist since she was little.
But due to regulations set by Interhigh and Nationals, she can't enter any competitions solo.
So, I guess the school made the club on paper so that she can compete.
I hear this type of workaround actually happens in other minor sports too, so her situation isn't all that uncommon.
Anyway, that same Daitoku-san is in the middle of chatting with her friends by the window.
Akiho: “Daitoku-saaaan!”
When I call out to her, she gives me a fairly surprised look.
Undeterred, I smiled and waved her over in a friendly manner. Eventually, she shuffles over hesitantly.
Junna: “Um, me?”
Akiho: “Yup! Do you remember who I am?”
Junna: “Senomiya-san.”
Akiho: “Wow, you totally remember! I appreciate it!”
I grab Daitoku-san's hands out of pure joy.
Her hands are smaller than mine, almost like a child's.
Even though she's a girl like me, my heart skips a beat at how adorable she is. I can't believe she knows karate!
Akiho: “I actually have a favor to ask of you.”
Junna: “What is it? I hope I can help...”
Akiho: “So, about Doc at the Robot Clinic... You know who Fujita-san is, right?”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Daitoku-san's expression freezes... or at least, that's what it looks like.
Akiho: “He's a relative of yours, right? Or am I totally off the mark?”
After a moment's hesitation, Daitoku-san slowly begins to speak.
Junna: “He is, but...”
Akiho: “C-Cool. I'm glad I didn't get the wrong person...”
Junna: “Did you hear that from Grandpa Fujita?”
Akiho: “Nope. Just a rumor I picked up.”
Junna: “A rumor...”
Akiho: “Anyway, I was wondering if you could convince Doc to give us a family discount on some parts.”
Junna: “Family discount...?”
Akiho: “You know, a family benefits kinda thing? If you were to ask him, I'm sure Doc would say okay in a heartbeat!”
Akiho: “Please! You're the only one who can save the Robotics Club!”
Junna: “Wh-Wha, uh, h-hold on...”
When I put my hands together in prayer, Daitoku-san grabs my arm, flustered.
She takes me to a less crowded hallway.
Junna: “Th-This is all so sudden. I don't know if I can help you...”
Akiho: “All you gotta do is ask for us. If it doesn't work, that's that.”
Junna: “But...”
Akiho: “The Robotics Club is in a real bad spot right now, and if we can't pay Doc for the parts, the club'll be no more...”
Akiho: “So please, help us! I'll treat you to a bottle of Skal!”
Junna: “U-Um, please raise your head, Senomiya-san.”
Akiho: “So, you'll do it?!”
Junna: “...”
Daitoku-san fidgets like she wants to say something.
Akiho: “What's wrong?”
Junna: “I... d-don't think I can do it.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Can't say I was expecting that...
Akiho: “But I mean, all you have to do is go see your gramps and have a little chat...”
Daitoku vigorously shakes her head back and forth.
Junna: “I... can't...”
Akiho: “Could it be... that you're afraid of him?”
Junna: “Y-Yes...”
Are you telling me his own granddaughter is this scared of him?
I mean, Doc is the stereotypically stubborn craftsman type, and his taste in music makes him seem like a punk...
I think I can understand why Daitoku-san is frightened by him.
Junna: “I haven't spoken to Grandpa Fujita in years...”
Akiho: “Then this'd be a great chance to reconcile!”
Junna: “I... don't know if that's a good idea...”
Akiho: “Why not? He's your grandpa!”
Most people would want to patch things up in a situation like this.
But it seems like I'm way off the mark here.
Daitoku-san hangs her head low, as if she's uncomfortable.
Junna: “Um, I'm preparing for a competition right now, so I don't want to lose focus...”
Junna: “A-Anyway, I-I'm sorry...”
Junna: “And... um... please don't tell Grandpa Fujita about what I just said...”
Akiho: “Daitoku-san, listen to me!”
When I try to stop Daitoku-san from returning to her classroom, someone's hand lightly pushes me away.
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Easily Annoyed One): “Hey, Senomiya. Stop harassing Junna. Can't you see you're freakin' her out?”
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Strong-willed One): “Yeah. And nothing good ever comes from getting involved with your crappy little Robotics Club anyway.”
They're the two girls who were chatting with Daitoku-san earlier. They position themselves like they're guarding her.
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Easily Annoyed One): “Junna has the preliminaries for Nationals next weekend. You better not distract her, or else.”
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Strong-willed One): “Go flirt with Yashio-kun or somethin'.”
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Easily Annoyed One): “‘If you want a kiss, you gotta beat me in a match,’ right?”
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Strong-willed One): “Hahahaha!”
Akiho: “I swear, I'm not trying to harass Daitoku-san at all!”
Junna: “W-Wait, guys...”
Daitoku-san intervenes despite the tense situation.
Then, with tears in her eyes, she looks my way.
Junna: “Um, I-I'm sorry, Senomiya-san. I can't help you... so please, give up on me...”
Junna: “I'm really, really sorry...”
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Easily Annoyed One): “Aaaah. Senomiya, you made Junna cry.”
Daitoku-san’s Friend (Strong-willed One): “You're seriously the worst. How could you?”
Akiho: “...”
How can I not back down after that?
I seriously didn't think she'd cry...
Even though I didn't do anything, I feel really guilty...
