This small propeller plane is bound for Tanegashima.
I let out a small sigh from my seat.
Akiho is next to me, looking down at her PokeCom with a disappointed expression on her face.
Kaito: “You gotta turn it off before we take off.”
Akiho: “I know... Hahh...”
She's been like this ever since last night.
She's probably reading articles about yesterday's match.
Not that I can blame her.
Yesterday...
The ROBO-ONE grand finals ended in the most abrupt way possible.
After suffering from Slo-mo, I instinctively used the Prez's special move: the Tanegashi Accel Impact.
It successfully knocked Mr. Pleiades' M45 out of the ring, but...
The Prez went flying out, too.
This counted as a double ring out, and since we already had two downs, this was our third and final down. Game over.
We self destructed. What a pathetic way to end things.
I grit my teeth.
Dammit...!
I suppress the urge to punch the wall, all while maintaining my composure on the outside.
Didn't I tell her from the get-go?
Install brakes!
The fate of the Robotics Club means nothing to me.
But I'm still hopelessly frustrated over the fact that I lost.
How could I let the top spot slip through my fingers in such a humiliating way? What a disgrace...
Everything about this trip was chaotic from the get-go. If we were more prepared, I know I could've won.
Which is precisely why this is so damn frustrating...!
If nothing else, we did get some prize money for second place.
A whopping one million yen.
But even that doesn't put a smile on Akiho's face.
She's already realized that no amount of cash is going to change her situation.
Akiho's contagious sigh prompts me to sigh as well. With little else to do, I look around the small plane aimlessly.
There aren't many passengers on this early-Monday-morning flight.
I count four people other than me, Akiho, and Mitchie.
It's then that a girl about the same age as us enters the cabin.
She makes her way through the aisle as she looks at her ticket, confirming her assigned seat.
She glances up, and our eyes meet.
Glaring Girl: “...”
Her face is so small, like a model.
Her outfit is flashy as hell, too.
But her eyes are kind of scary.
The girl appears to be restlessly looking around.
I can't tell if she's refined or just out of her mind.
She ends up sitting in a seat two rows in front of me.
As far as I can tell, she's alone.
As soon as she's seated, she pulls out her PokeCom and starts Kill-Ballad, only to be stopped by a flight attendant.
Just like that, my affinity for this mysterious girl skyrockets.
I definitely didn't think she'd be a KB player.
But if she's from Tokyo, it shouldn't be that surprising. Tokyo girls are all about the latest trends, apparently.
I can feel my mood lighten a bit.
The propellers outside the window start to spin rapidly.
The plane begins to slowly move across the runway.
Once the flight attendant goes over the emergency instructions, a voice comes in over the speakers above.
Captain: “The 8:40 a.m. flight to Tanegashima, JAC3761, is ready for departure. Prepare for liftoff.”
Captain: “Thank you for your cooperation.”
Captain: “We'll be arriving at Tanegashima Airport at 9:20 a.m. The current weather is sunny at 29゜Celsius.”
Captain: “Your captain this morning is Yashio, and Nishi will be your flight attendant.”
Captain: “Please enjoy your short flight.”
Captain: “Oh, and Kaito, Aki-chan? Great job out there.”
Akiho: “Ah, it's Uncle Shigemi.”
Kaito: “...”
My dad, Yashio Shigemi, happens to be a pilot for flights between Tanegashima and Kagoshima.
I really wish he wouldn't talk about personal stuff in front of the other passengers...
Embarrassed, I turn off my PokeCom and sink into my seat, pretending to fall asleep.
