Mizuka: “Welcome.”
After school, I swing by the Irei General Store. As soon as I step in, I gulp loudly.
My hands have been sweating for a bit now, and my knees won't stop shaking. Am I nervous, or is this pure terror?
Mizuka-san, who at this point senses my restless presence, folds the newspaper she had been reading and sits upright.
Mizuka: “You ready?”
After giving her a small nod, I look over at the steamer resting next to the register.
Kaito: “I'll have one of the you-know-whats.”
Mizuka: “Much obliged.”
Mizuka-san grins and opens the steamer.
She takes out a passion fruit bun from the top shelf.
C'mon, Kaito. Pretend like you don't know they've been promoting this thing as new for at least four years now.
It's a local delight only available at this location. Sure, sounds nice on paper... but reality is a cruel mistress.
This little thing is lethal. Known by many as “The Destroyer.” It emerged from somewhere far worse than hell.
Passion fruit in and of itself tastes pretty great, but as soon as it's a bun? Hoo boy, something went horribly wrong. I hesitate to call it food.
I'd heard that Mizuka-san's father is the man behind the monster, but did he ever taste-test this thing? It tastes disgusting.
The steaming thing Mizuka-san hands me smells ever so slightly sour. For reasons I can't explain, I tear up.
Every time I eat one of these, my appetite gets annihilated for the rest of the day.
It would be great for any girls on a diet.
As for why I'm about to eat one of these culinary disasters, it's so I can collect some information.
This is a trade-off.
Mizuka: “You gotta down it in one gulp.”
Kaito: “Here goes...!”
I make peace with myself as I open my mouth wide and jam the thing in.
Kaito: “Nrgh... rgh...”
The warm and slimy texture of the fruit pulp and the bun's grotesque appearance...
The sour flavor that overwhelms the sweetness due to its warmth...
Kaito: “Hrrggh... grgh...”
The more I chew, the more tears and snot come flowing out from the holes on my face.
At this point, I can barely breathe. Actually, I think I might be choking. Even so, I force the beast down.
If I don't finish this thing, I won't get what I came here for...!
Kaito: “Uuogh... bff...”
Mizuka-san watches my distorted face with her usual grin.
She's definitely enjoying this.
I can already feel the stomach acid working its way up my throat. I somehow manage to hold it down, swallowing the mass in my mouth.
Without wiping my tears, I grab a Skal from the beverage section. I guzzle it down without paying for it.
Kaito: “Bwah! Hahh, hahh...”
I silently place 200 yen on the register counter and take some time to recover from the hell I just experienced.
Up until a few years ago, sodas used to cost 150 yen, but the economic recession hit hard. A tough price for a student. I'd have died if I hadn't drank that just now, though.
Mizuka: “C'mon, you gotta eat it like it's delicious. I tell you this every time.”
Actually impossible.
Mizuka: “Eh, whatever. The Passion Accord terms have been fulfilled.”
This is a special agreement that Mizuka-san and I have between us.
As you can imagine, it was named after the horrific terms that I have to uphold in order to get info.
Mizuka-san is basically my info broker.
She's socially savvy and works here every day, so she gets to casually chat with faculty and students alike.
Since she has all sorts of connections across the island, her giant social circle means she's well-informed.
And so, Mizuka-san secretly provides me with info she gets her hands on.
It was originally Mizuka-san who proposed that I eat one entire passion fruit bun in exchange for info.
The locals all know how awful it is, so nobody dares drop any cash on them. Its poisonous aura alone keeps tourists away.
And yet, Mizuka-san's dad still stocks them every single day. It's apparently hard for her to get rid of them.
Mizuka: “So, what's the deal? Whaddya wanna know? Aki's three sizes?”
Kaito: “I doubt they'd be very impressive, so I couldn't care less.”
Kaito: “What I wanna know is... urggh...”
A wave of nausea washes over me. I hold it down, take a deep breath, and try to calm myself.
There's still an awful burning sensation in my throat.
Normal passion fruit shouldn't be this deadly.
What the hell did they put in this thing?
Kaito: “I want info on the Robot Clinic's Robot Doctor.”
Mizuka: “Huh, that stubborn old dude? Aki probably knows more about him than I do, no?”
Kaito: “I need to know his weaknesses. Something that'll make him want to give us a big discount on parts.”
Mizuka: “Ahah!”
Mizuka-san slaps her knee in amusement.
Mizuka: “You're trying to blackmail the old geezer into a discount? That's flippin' hilarious! You've got guts.”
Mizuka: “Let me guess. This is for Aki, right?”
Sharp as a tack...
She's just as tricky to deal with as Misa-nee.
Kaito: “It's nothing that big. I'd just rather stuff go smoothly so I don't have to deal with the fallout later.”
It's not like I'm doing this to make Akiho happy or anything like that. I'm doing it for my own sake.
Kaito: “How do I put it... I've got zero faith in the person known as Senomiya Akiho.”
Kaito: “Get what I'm saying?”
Mizuka: “I'm really starting to question the nature of the relationship you two have.”
Kaito: “...”
Don't get me wrong. It's not that I don't like Akiho.
I really think that we're of one in body and soul.
When I say I don't have faith in her, I mean that she's unreliable.
Plus...
Misaki: “Take care of Aki for me.”
A long time ago, I was tasked with this mission.
All I'm doing is fulfilling the promise I made that day.
Kaito: “Maybe I'm pretending to be her guardian or something.”
Kaito: “Like I'm Misa-nee's replacement, I guess.”
Mizuka: “Well, aren't you an admirable one?”
Mizuka: “When it comes to how you handle Aki and Misa, that is.”
Mizuka-san lightly punches my upper arm.
She's snickering in amusement.
Kaito: “When can I receive the info?”
Mizuka: “I'll call you when I get it. ASAP, yeah?”
Kaito: “I'm counting on you.”
Kaito: “Urgggggh...”
I suppress my gag reflex and exit the store.
