I sit down in my usual spot in the shade of the tree by the clubroom and gaze up at the sky.
After school, Akiho went to get the clubroom key from the faculty room, but she hasn't returned yet. It's been a while.
It'd be a pain to check the faculty room and even more annoying if she got back while I was gone, so I'll just chill.
The sunlight is getting stronger. This single tree in the courtyard is becoming more and more valuable to me.
I have nothing to do, so I open the web browser.
I find the headline about a new HUG model in the news column and casually tap on it.
Kaito: “...”
As expected, Misa-nee is there.
How long has it been since she started appearing on TV like this?
After graduating six years ago, she went to college in Tokyo and now works at the flourishing Exoskeleton Company.
She started doing PR work after her talents were recognized. She even makes appearances on TV as a HUG test pilot.
Commercials, leading HUG demos, even working as an advisor for HUG Spark, which is a HUG martial arts tournament.
Misa-nee is everywhere. Considering how active she is, it's no overstatement to say that she's crazy popular.
Hell, people online refer to her as the pretty ExCo PR girl. She's more popular than your average pin-up model.
But all I wanna do is scream out to the heavens.
Don't be fooled, people! The Misa-nee on TV isn't the real deal!
Man, I can't even begin to count how many times Misa-nee made me bawl back when I was in elementary school...
Just thinking about it gives me chills.
Kaito: “...”
Hm? It's from Akiho.
It's strange for her to call me while we're at school.
Kaito: “Accept call.”
I answer, and Akiho's face appears on the screen.
Akiho: “Ah, Kai?”
Kaito: “Where are you?”
Akiho: “Mizuka-nee's store.”
Kaito: “Why?”
Akiho: “Never mind that. More importantly, did you do your homework? For English.”
Akiho: “I take it you didn't, right?”
Why's she so sure of that?
Not that she's wrong, but...
I shake my head, but for some reason Akiho smiles happily.
Akiho: “Me neither.”
Kaito: “When was it due again?”
Akiho: “Tomorrow.”
Kaito: “Craaap...”
Akiho: “Let's study together! A schoolwork study session starring us! C'mon!”
Kaito: “Are you actually gonna try and do it yourself?”
Akiho: “Luckily, we still have time. And two heads are better than one. Let's split up the work♪”
Akiho: “‘That person’ once said this...”
Akiho: “‘In war, you must think two or three moves ahead of the enemy!’”
Kaito: “I doubt you could think even one move ahead right now, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “...Oof.”
Kaito: “But sure, I'm down to split it.”
Akiho: “That's my Kai!”
She's completely forgotten about cornering the vice principal.
I guess we'll use our club time today to finish homework.
Akiho: “I knew you'd say that, so I'm already at Mizuka-nee's place.”
Kaito: “Huh... Then I guess you are thinking two or three moves ahead.”
Akiho: “Right? Hehe.”
I'll let her be happy with this victory.
Akiho: “Can't fight on an empty stomach.”
Akiho: “Do you want any snacks? Hit me with your requests and I'll pick them up for you.”
Kaito: “Your treat? Sure.”
Akiho: “In your dreams, bub. I'll have you repay me later.”
Kaito: “Well, shucks.”
Mizuka: “No worries. I'll pick out some things for Kai.”
I hear Mizuka-san's voice on the other side.
Kaito: “Ah, Aki-chan. Don't listen to anything Mizuka-san says. Just buy me a Fruit Sour Melon.”
Mizuka: “Aw, not up for the usual?”
Mizuka-san sure is persistent. Besides, if I have the usual, I won't be in any condition to study.
Akiho: “All right, I'm on it. Meet me in the classroom, not the clubroom.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Maybe I'll get a bit done on my own...”
Akiho didn't take long to get back. We studied our best until sunset, but couldn't finish in time.
I guess I'll just do the rest at home.
