Kaito: “...”
I raise my eyes from my PokeCom and see that the sky has darkened.
I slowly rise up.
I was too engrossed and didn't notice how much time had passed.
My head's kind of hazy. I guess my mind is still on the game.
Those subtle screen shakes and that pseudo heaviness when you punch in an input are what I'm all about.
Since I had been lying on the hard ground, my back hurts.
I wonder if Akiho is still doing maintenance.
I peek into the hangar, but I don't see any sign of her.
Something tells me she's here, though. Something around the bottom portion of the robot, right below the knee.
Akiho, armed with a penlight, had crawled under the tight space beneath the robot and is doing some sort of work.
Kaito: “Doing maintenance?”
Akiho: “Wah, hey, don't peek under here from over there!”
Kaito: “Because I'll see your panties?”
Akiho: “I'll get mad if you do.”
A crouching heavy kick? She's full of openings, so I could guard, counter, and then combo her for 1/4 of her HP.
Kaito: “Hey Aki-chan, I know I always say this, but I think you should stop doing work in your uniform.”
Akiho stores an old T-shirt and shorts in the clubroom that she could use for messy jobs, but she barely uses them.
Akiho: “But I forgot them in the clubroom.”
She went to the trouble of having work clothes ready, yet she always forgets them in the clubroom.
Akiho: “Plus, I have nowhere to change.”
Akiho: “It's not like anyone but me works here, so whatever.”
Akiho keeps moving her hands as she makes excuses for herself.
Is that a subtle jab at the fact that I don't help?
Kaito: “Oil stains are tough to wash out.”
Akiho: “I don't mind. They're like badges of honor♪”
Kaito: “Huh. There really is something off about you, Aki-chan. There aren't many high school girls who would say that.”
Akiho: “And that's... that.”
Looks like she's finished.
Akiho comes crawling out.
She brushes off her dirty uniform with her hands.
Akiho: “Checks are done.”
Kaito: “Rad.”
She tucks away her penlight. She was probably just checking to make sure everything is still in order.
Akiho: “So, what's so off about me?”
Kaito: “There aren't many high school girls who would refer to oil stains as badges of honor.”
Akiho: “C'mon, you make it sound like a bad thing... Not that I'm not aware of it. Hehe.”
Kaito: “I gotta hand it to you. It's pretty amazing that you admit you're weird.”
Akiho: “And you wouldn't admit that about yourself, Kai?”
Kaito: “My gaming skills are abnormal, but I think I'm pretty ordinary in every other way.”
Akiho: “Oh, please. You're already a pretty big weirdo considering all you care about is gaming♪”
Despite the self-deprecation, Akiho's eyes are twinkling as she grasps my hand. The perfect picture of a friendship between two dudes.
Her hand is sticky with oil, but she doesn't seem to care in the slightest. Akiho then starts nodding like she agrees with herself.
After washing our hands, we close the garage shutters and lock up.
Since there are no streetlights near the abandoned airport, it turns pitch black at night.
Which is precisely why we need to leave before that happens.
Akiho: “By the way...”
As we walk, Akiho suddenly pulls out her PokeCom.
The Fink plushie attached to it swings back and forth. Its color has darkened considerably, and it only takes a glance to see it's because of oil.
I keep telling her to replace it with a new one, but she seems to have no intention of doing so.
Akiho: “I was looking at ‘IRUO.’ earlier and saw that the Everyday that was being renovated got turned into a Lonsow.”
Kaito: “Wait, really?”
Akiho: “For realsies. You'll know when you see it.”
Everyday is a convenience store near our houses. The only convenience store in Minamitane, actually.
They started remodeling about half a year ago, so it's been closed. Did they just turn it into a new store?
Let's take a look on my PokeCom.
I bring up deluoode map.
I use the World Virtual View function in ‘IRUO.’ to look at Minamitane. Sure enough, there's a Lonsow.
Akiho: “See?”
Kaito: “It says 10% off.”
Akiho: “Let's drop by on the way home.”
Kaito: “But the place could be loaded with people right now.”
Akiho: “Aaah, I can just picture the check-out line. Remember how crazy it was when Everyday opened up?”
Akiho: “We were just kids back then, weren't we?”
Akiho: “I think it was the same year the Anemone—”
Akiho abruptly stops talking.
Anemone, huh...
Now there's an unpleasant name I'd rather forget.
Kaito: “So, are you gonna try and negotiate with the vice principal tomorrow, too?”
I intentionally change the subject.
For the last two or so weeks, Akiho has been heading to the faculty room after school.
Akiho: “It's not like waiting around is gonna get us results.”
Kaito: “Ridiculously optimistic as always.”
I often say those words to Akiho.
She's always like this.
Ridiculously optimistic.
Akiho: “That's my only redeeming quality, after all.”
Every time Akiho returns those words to me, she smiles bashfully.
Akiho: “So, you're coming with me, right? Right?”
Kaito: “I'm going to be real late tomorrow thanks to my stomachache.”
Akiho: “Psh, sounds real rough.”
Akiho laughs in amazement.
Whenever we go to the hangar, we keep our scooters parked in the lot in front of the terminal.
We live in Minamitane, which is on the southern part of the island. School is 15 kilometers away, so commuting by scooter is allowed.
I leave the key in. Nobody around here would steal it, and walking around with it would be a pain in the ass.
Akiho: “Going straight home?”
Kaito: “You really wanna visit the convenience store, don't you?”
Akiho: “I'd be fine with B-COOP.”
Kaito: “So, you just want a snack? But it's almost dinner time.”
Akiho: “Ugh... Yeaaah, I know... I'll go straight home...”
Kaito: “Are you feeling okay?”
Akiho: “Yeah, I'm fine.”
This is like a ritual before we ride our scooters. I always ask how she feels. If she's not well, we rest.
And if she still isn't feeling well after that, we leave the scooters here and go home some other way.
She had been involved in a scooter accident once before. Luckily, she got out with minor injuries, but you never know when a fatal one might occur.
I straddle my scooter, put on the ugly helmet required by the school, and step on the kick pedal, starting the engine.
Akiho puts on the track jacket she left on the scooter handle, slips on the same ugly helmet, and we're ready.
Time to head home.
It takes around 40 to 50 minutes to get from school to Akiho's house.
By the time we arrive, the sun is long gone.
By the way, my house is really close. Not even a minute away by scooter.
After parking the scooter in front of her house, Akiho takes off her helmet and waves to me.
Akiho: “All right, Kai. Nocchiyo.”
Kaito: “Nocchiyo.”
This is our unique greeting.
In the Tanegashima dialect, it roughly translates to “Let's meet again.”
Misa-nee originally started using it as a code word, so Akiho and I picked it up too.
To be honest, it's not something that comes naturally. I have to intentionally use it.
Only elderly people use that dialect these days.
Akiho sees me off as I head home.
I cast my gaze up at the night sky.
The northern region is steeped in red, almost like it's oozing blood.
That's the aurora.
It's not quite the same as the famous Aurora everyone knows, the beautiful one that's kinda shaped like curtains.
Apparently an aurora takes on that shade of color at lower latitudes.
The sun is abnormally active now, so this has led to the world being able to see auroras since a few years ago.
Back then, I mistook it for a wildfire or something in the distance.
But now, I'm totally used to seeing it, and I don't really feel one way or the other about it.
That color in the sky is just another part of my everyday life.
My ordinary, unchanging days.
My life on this island, repeating endlessly.
It's hard to believe it'll all be coming to an end in six months.
But for now, I'll just focus on getting home and eating dinner.
