Vice Principal Usui: “Then it is settled.”
Akiho: “...”
Vice Principal Usui: “As agreed, the Robotics Club will be disbanded, effective immediately. Gather your things before the day is done.”
The vice principal acts swiftly and without mercy.
Already aware of yesterday's ROBO-ONE results, she charged into the clubroom with Mitchie after school.
Vice Principal Usui: “You shall do the same with the storage space at the old airport. Personal belongings must be taken home. Anything left behind will be promptly discarded.”
I consider bribing the VP with the ROBO-ONE money, but that'd probably work against us, so I stay quiet.
Imagine if we actually tried to give her a million yen to let our club off the hook.
She'd lose her mind. “Students trying to bribe me?! How dare you!” Granted, any VP'd probably react that way.
Akiho: “But what about the one million yen in prize money?”
She actually said it!
Akiho: “With that, we—”
Vice Principal Usui: “We what?”
Akiho: “Well, um, you know...”
Vice Principal Usui: “We what, exactly?”
Sh-She's terrifying.
Her eyes are completely fixed on Akiho.
That's why I said this was a bad idea...
Akiho: “It's... nothing.”
Even Akiho's able to read the room on this one.
Vice Principal Usui: “Very well.”
Vice Principal Usui: “In passing, anything made using school funds must stay.”
Vice Principal Usui: “That includes the giant robot and the small one as well.”
Akiho: “B-But I rebuilt TanegashiMachine 3 with the New Year's money I borrowed ahead of time...!”
Vice Principal Usui: “Is that so? My apologies, then. You may do as you wish with the small robot.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho bites her lip and hangs her head low. She's clearly trying her best to suppress her emotions.
Her tightly balled fists are trembling slightly.
This was the deal we made.
Regardless of how unreasonable the VP's conditions are, Akiho agreed to them. It is what it is.
The Robotics Club has been disbanded.
The giant robot is gonna be scrapped.
It's all over and done with.
The attempt at bribery went as expected, so I've got nothing to say. It's time to be honest with ourselves and back down.
I get being frustrated, but for me, I'm more frustrated over the fact that I couldn't win, not because the club is gone.
As far as I'm concerned, that's someone else's problem.
Deep down, I honestly don't care what happens. I just want to hurry up and be done with it.
It's then that I notice Hidaka Subaru watching us from afar.
For some reason, he's wearing an irritated expression on his face.
Now that I think about it, how did he even get back from Tokyo?
Vice Principal Usui: “Senomiya-san. How long do you intend to stand there? Didn't I tell you to hurry up and gather your things?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho, her shoulders still slumped, turns away from the vice principal and heads to the clubroom.
The room is filled with Akiho's stuff from home, things left by old members, and junky parts for the big robot.
Akiho: “...”
I can tell that Akiho's trying desperately not to cry.
But she can't hold it any longer, and the tears begin to flow from the corners of her eyes.
Kaito: “Just asking, but...”
Before I can stop myself, I'm suddenly talking to the president of the Robotics Club.
Akiho: “Huh?”
Kaito: “If you could cheat to continue, or just gracefully accept the game over...”
Kaito: “Which would you choose, Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho sets her tearful gaze upon me, like she's pleading me to create a miracle.
Akiho: “I'd cheat and continue.”
...Huh, I'm a little surprised.
She didn't hesitate in the slightest.
Akiho: “This is my dream...”
Akiho: “It's the one thing... I don't ever want to give up on...!”
We've had to give up on so many things due to our attacks.
We convinced ourselves that we didn't have a choice.
But when it comes to the Robotics Club, Akiho doesn't know when to give up.
Seems she's way more attached to it than I thought she was.
Kaito: “...Understood.”
I reassuringly pat Akiho on the shoulder and walk over to where Hidaka Subaru is standing.
Seeing Akiho like that hit me pretty hard.
Plus, it's my duty to support my childhood friend when she refuses to throw in the towel.
Man, I'm contradicting myself, aren't I?
Before ROBO-ONE, I was doing everything in my power to get her to give up.
What the hell am I thinking?
Subaru: “...Looks like the Robotics Club has been disbanded.”
Subaru: “For the record, it only makes sense. Your club was nothing but an embarrassment.”
I immediately grin and wrap my arm around Hidaka-kun's shoulders.
Subaru: “Wh-What is it?”
Kaito: “Hey, Hidaka-kun. Do you have that on you right now?”
Subaru: “That, meaning?”
Kaito: “You know what ‘that’ I'm talking about.”
Kaito: “That mask that looks just like the one the red comet wore. Well, do you? Mr. Pleiades-kun.”
Subaru: “...!”
Hidaka-kun's expression immediately changes.
Subaru: “Wh-Wh-What awe you talking abowt?!”
He's so shook that he's fumbling his words.
His eyes are darting back and forth, too.
Kaito: “Did you really think I wouldn't notice?”
Granted, Akiho and Mitchie somehow didn't.
But any normal human being would've figured it out.
Maybe it's like kayfabe in pro wrestling or something. 'Cept I'm awful at reading the room for stuff like this.
Kaito: “When did you get back today? You couldn't have come home yesterday.”
Kaito: “And you weren't on the first flight in the morning. So, did you take the noon flight? What about a boat?”
Kaito: “Either way, you must've had to come straight to school without dropping by home first.”
Kaito: “Which means you should still have that mask on you.”
Subaru: “I-I don't know what you're talking about.”
Kaito: “Don't play dumb. The continued existence of the Robotics Club and a girl's dreams are riding on this.”
Kaito: “Ah, there it is! It's sticking out of your pocket.”
Subaru: “Wha...?!”
Ah, what a nice, predictable reaction you just had.
I trick him into checking his pants pocket with his hand.
He then immediately has an angry look on his face once he realizes he's been fooled.
Subaru: “Kh...!”
Kaito: “Ah, seems the prodigal dumbass has shown himself.”
I quickly reach into Hidaka-kun's pocket and forcibly take out the mask.
Yup, this is it. No doubt about it.
Kaito: “All right, found it!”
Subaru: “How dare you trick me, you third-rate Robotics Club flunky! Wh-What do you plan to do with that...?!”
Wow. A truly impressive amount of hatred is stored in that glare of his...
But I shrug it off and look at the VP who is watching Akiho clear out the clubroom.
Kaito: “What am I gonna do? This, of course.”
I then immediately jam the mask onto Hidaka-kun's face.
Subaru: “Ah, sto—”
Kaito: “Aah! I can't believe the champion of ROBO-ONE, Mr. Pleiades, is right here of all places!”
I put on an act and shout into the air, dragging Hidaka-kun toward the clubroom.
Akiho, Mitchie, and the VP all stare wide-eyed at us in surprise.
Akiho: “Wait, Mr... Huh...?”
Mitsuhiko: “Wh-What the heck's going on?”
Vice Principal Usui: “That is indeed the champion... I recall seeing him on TV... But why...?”
Akiho: “He's the real one...?”
Kaito: “But of course.”
Kaito: “C'mon Pleiades-san, do your usual intro. Uhh, how does it go again? Alcion? Vaporeon? Something like that.”
Mr. Pleiades: “Alcyone. Electra. Maia. Taygeta. Celaeno. Asterope. Merope.”
Mr. Pleiades: “By the blessings of the Seven Sisters, I descend to Earth from 400 light-years away!”
Mr. Pleiades: “I am...”
Akiho: “Mr. Pleiades!”
Vice Principal Usui: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Akiho: “Ah...”
Subaru: “Nyaaa...! I-I couldn't help myself...!”
Despite his whining, he sure put in an enthusiastic performance.
Kaito: “And there you have it. The real Mr. Pleiades.”
Kaito: “Oh, I also forgot to mention, this guy is actually a student here AND a member of the Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “Whaaat?!”
Subaru: “Huh?!”
Vice Principal Usui: “Excuse me?!”
Kaito: “Which means yesterday's ROBO-ONE grand finals were a battle between fellow Robotics Club members. In other words...”
Kaito: “No matter who came out on top, the Robotics Club won!”
Kaito: “Hrm, if I recall correctly, in order to save the club, we had to win ROBO-ONE, correct?”
Kaito: “I guess we met your conditions! That means there's no longer any need to disband the club, yes?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Y-You must be joking!”
The vice principal has gone hysterical yet again.
What a terrifying lady.
Vice Principal Usui: “What proof do you have that this Mr. Whatever is a student of our school?!”
Kaito: “All right, then shall I show you his true identity?”
Hidaka-kun struggles to escape my grasp, but I pull the mask right off of his face.
Subaru: “Kh...”
Akiho: “Hidaka-kun...”
Mitsuhiko: “What the...?! It's Hidaka!”
Vice Principal Usui: “What is the meaning of this...?!”
Subaru: “No, I'm not in... Mrghgh...!!”
I quickly put my hand over his mouth.
Kaito: “Aaaand, there you have it, Miss Vice Principal.”
Kaito: “You can return to your duties now.”
Vice Principal Usui: “What...?!”
Kaito: “The conditions were met, so the club's saved. Plus we get a budget. Surely a teacher wouldn't lie to their students?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Aah...! This is positively absurd!”
The VP's face turns bright red despite the layer of white makeup she has on.
Vice Principal Usui: “Nagafukada-sensei! You told me the Robotics Club only had two members!”
Mitsuhiko: “Huh? Uh, er, well, pro tip...”
Shut up, Mitchie.
Mitsuhiko: “...Looks like we have three! Hahaha!”
Vice Principal Usui: “...”
The vice principal is seething now. You can even see veins popping out on her forehead. I'm kinda worried she might burst a blood vessel.
Vice Principal Usui: “I'm not feeling well. Excuse me!”
But instead of exploding any further, she turns her back to us.
That was the moment we truly became victorious.
The vice principal gave up on destroying the Robotics Club in that very moment.
Akiho: “U-Um...!”
And yet Akiho couldn't resist calling out to her.
Akiho: “The Robotics Club... can keep operating...?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Do as you wish! But know that I'll never approve your budget, not after all this trickery you used!”
She storms off.
Hrm. Not getting any funding wasn't part of the deal.
Despite being dissatisfied with that one bit...
Akiho: “The Robotics Club... can keep operating...”
Akiho: “We get to keep going...”
Akiho: “We...”
...Seeing Akiho so deeply moved and unable to deal with her own shock is enough to make me stop caring.
I might not have lived up to expectations at ROBO-ONE, but at least I made myself somewhat useful this time.
Kaito: “Mitchie, you playing along was a real lifesaver. Pretty surprising, too.”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, Yashio. I've got something good for ya. When your mind goes blank, just smile and go with the flow. That's a pro tip.”
He really is the worst.
Subaru: “Wh-What's the meaning of this?! I never said I was joining the—”
Kaito: “Then I guess it's fine if I go around school and tell everyone that you're THE Mr. Pleiades.”
Considering he went so far as to hide his identity to compete at ROBO-ONE, he must be hiding something shady.
Subaru: “You... fiend...!”
Like I anticipated, Hidaka-kun throws a tantrum and stamps his feet a bit, but doesn't argue the point.
It's then that Akiho walks over to him.
Akiho: “...”
Subaru: “What is it?”
Hidaka-kun puts up his guard, but Akiho simply takes his hand in hers and shakes it.
Hidaka-kun seems puzzled.
Akiho: “Yesterday's match was incredible. You were amazing, Pleiades... no, Hidaka-kun. You have my respect.”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru: “P-Psh, i-it's not wike I'm happy in the swightest to have your respect or anything, Senomiya-senpai.”
Your voice is shaking, Hidaka-kun.
Subaru: “In fact, just watching you guys irritated me. Your robot was nine years old, barely tuned, and you handled it crudely.”
Akiho: “Grrr...”
Subaru: “However...”
Subaru: “I... acknowledge the idea of implementing the KB control scheme into a hobby robot... as a good one... I guess... Sort of... Maybe... Yeah.”
Hoh, he's actually complimenting us.
Though he's still acting like the same cocky jerk.
Akiho: “Thanks! And congrats on the championship.”
Subaru: “Hmph...”
Hidaka-kun continues to face the other way.
Akiho: “Oh! So, seeing how you wear a mask, does that mean you've also thrown away your past? You know, like ‘that person’?”
For some reason, Akiho's eyes are sparkling.
Subaru: “I've thrown away nothing. And let go of me already.”
Kaito: “Hooold on, before that...”
I put my arm around Hidaka-kun's shoulder again.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, don't let go of his hand yet.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Subaru: “Wh-What is it this time?”
Kaito: “Mitchie, could you grab us a club registration form?”
Mitsuhiko: “Oh, sure. Gimme just a sec...”
Mitchie starts fiddling with his PokeCom.
These days, even club registration forms are digital.
What a convenient world we live in.
Hidaka-kun quickly realizes what kind of situation he's in and tries to escape.
Akiho and I both keep him in place as Mitchie puts his arm around his shoulder too, giving this cheeky kid no way out.
Subaru: “H-Hey! L-Let me go!”
Kaito: “I wasn't kidding, friendo. You're going to be joining our humble little Robotics Club, Hidaka-kun. Of your own volition too, I might add.”
Kaito: “Otherwise, it'd be a real problem if the VP started poking around.”
Akiho: “Ah, I get it now! Well, now that it's come to this, looks like you're stuck with the Robotics Club, Hidaka-kun!”
Akiho: “I refuse to let someone so talented escape from me that easily!”
Subaru: “Y-You...! Th-This is despotism...! Tyranny against your underclassman...!”
Mitsuhiko: “Not quite. Listen up, Subaru-kun. Seniors being mini-tyrants toward their juniors is just a part of life. It's a tradition that goes back over half a century. Just think about sports.”
Granted, the Robotics Club isn't a sports team.
Subaru: “That's so anachronistic...!”
Mitsuhiko: “C'mon, you weren't in a club anyway. This is a great opportunity! Clubs are all about sweat, tears, and youth.”
Akiho: “I'm looking forward to working together, Hidaka-kun! Wait, I'll call you Subaru from now on!”
Kaito: “Then I'll call you Subaru-kun now that we're pals.”
Subaru: “This is nonsense...! I'll bring this up with the PTA!”
Oh, give it a rest... He just doesn't know when to quit.
I guess I have no choice.
Kaito: “By the blessings of the Seven Sisters, I descend to earth from 400 light-years—”
Subaru: “I'm showwy I'll join the cwub pwease don't mimic me...”
Hidaka Subaru finally surrenders.
The young man dejectedly hangs his head and stops resisting.
Kaito: “By the way, did you come up with that spell incantation thing yourself?”
Subaru: “The tournament director was making me say it... He said it'd make my character stand out more...”
You have my condolences.
Akiho: “But wow, Kai. I can't believe you noticed Mr. Pleiades was Subaru. I had no clue!”
Kaito: “You're messing with me, right?”
Akiho: “I'm super duper serious.”
Kaito: “And there we have it, proof that you and Mitchie are literally blind.”
Mitsuhiko: “Hey, who are you calling blind? How about showing your teacher some respect!”
Mitsuhiko: “All right, Hidaka! Send it in!”
Mitchie puts his PokeCom in front of Subaru. The club registration form is onscreen, ready for submission.
With the strength to resist gone, Subaru obediently signs his name.
The way he signs his name resembles a criminal signing a statement saying “I did it.” He's just that defeated.
The form is immediately uploaded online and registered into the school database.
And with that, Subaru is now a certified member of the Robotics Club.
Satisfied, we release our poor underclassman from our grip.
Subaru: “Kh, I may be in the club now, but that's where our cooperation stops. Such nonsense is unacceptable...”
I figured. Considering how much he's trash-talked us, forcing him to join was never going to completely tame him.
Especially considering how unreliable a president Akiho is.
In that case, Subaru should just take over the club himself. I really don't care where it goes from here.
These two crazy robo-maniacs can go run off and fulfill whatever weird dreams they want.
Akiho: “Attention, everyone!”
Akiho: “While it sucks that we have no funding, the Robotics Club lives on!”
Akiho: “That means we can continue building the giant robot of justice, GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “We have Kai and Subaru to thank for that!”
Mitsuhiko: “What about me?”
Akiho: “You didn't do anything, Mitchie.”
Akiho: “Anyway, back on topic.”
Akiho: “Now that we've avoided death, it's time for me to put my long-dormant plan into action.”
Kaito: “You have a plan...?”
I have a bad feeling about this.
Akiho: “Our goal is to complete GunBuild-1, aka Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1, by February of next year.”
Akiho: “But I'm thinking that if we wanna make a robot that'll win the Expo's Grand Prix, we're gonna need more than me and Kai.”
Akiho: “Even with Subaru, that's only three people.”
Akiho: “So, I'm thinking of borrowing the help of a real pro!”
Kaito: “Hmm...?”
Kaito: “Isn't that cheating? I'm surprised by how much you've thought this through. I figured you for more of a simpleton.”
Akiho: “Are you calling me dumb?”
Kaito: “Am I wrong?”
Akiho: “Yes, you are... Anyway, I'm just saying we can get advice, borrow facilities, maybe get some help here and there...”
That sure would be an awfully convenient professional...
Would they really go that far for a bunch of high schoolers?
And anyway, who is this pro she's talking about?
If she means Doc, yeah, sure, he's helped us a bunch up till now.
Akiho: “We're storming in tomorrow after school. Kai, Subaru. Be ready.”
Kaito: “Whaaaa? Me too?”
Akiho: “Don't give me that. You're a member of the Robotics Club, too.”
Kaito: “Besides, where are we even storming into?”
Akiho: “Hehe, isn't it obvious?”
Without hesitation, Akiho, steeped in the color of the sunset, points to the southern sky...
Toward something on the southern end of the island...
Akiho: “The JAXA Tanegashima Space Center!”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
All three: “WHAAAT?!”
