All of the matches in pools are over.
My other three opponents were all worse than Devil Stronger in terms of specs, so I blew through them.
Now we advance to the final bracket.
We made it to the top 32, eh?
Considering our robot is nine freaking years old, that ain't too shabby.
Akiho: “Here. Want some?”
Akiho appears with crepes in hand from a nearby joint.
Kaito: “Weren't you supposed to be Mitchie-hunting?”
Akiho: “They looked so good that I couldn't resist. Hehe.”
Akiho is in good spirits compared to earlier in the day.
Eh, it only makes sense, I guess.
Akiho: “And this is also my way of saying thanks for everything you did today.”
Well in that case, who am I to say no?
Kaito: “There's still tomorrow, you know that right?”
Akiho: “Of course I know...”
I bite down into the crepe, and the sweetness of strawberries, bananas, and whipped cream fills my mouth.
Akiho: “So? What do you think after prelims? Do we have a real shot at this? We do, right? We'll be fine, isn't that right?!”
...Who exactly are you trying to convince here? 
Kaito: “I got a pretty good sense of the level of competition here.”
Kaito: “It wasn't as brutal as I thought it was gonna be. To be honest, there's no one special.”
Even Maekawa, one of the big guys slated to win the championship, wasn't much.
Kaito: “That said, the hobby robots themselves are a completely different story.”
Kaito: “Most of the matchups, I'd say the odds were 3:7 against me. With Whatever Stronger, it was closer to a 1:9 disadvantage.”
Kaito: “The operators on the other hand... Well, they don't seem to have a decent understanding of battle strategy.”
Kaito: “Compared to the people I face in KB, they weren't much. Them also being the developers might be why. Dunno.”
Kaito: “Plus, these real fights are way slower than KB. I can easily react to pretty much anything.”
Akiho: “Yeah, you are amazing at games after all.”
Akiho: “And with the KB control scheme installed into the Prez, I don't think anyone on the planet's gonna be able to beat you.”
Kaito: “Oh, c'mon. I'm not that good.”
Or maybe I am...
Kaito: “I hope it's just that Maekawa in particular sucked.”
Kaito: “It'd blow if the other 31 competitors in the bracket were also his level.”
Akiho: “Well, the top 8 from last year's competition were all seeded, so they never showed up in pools.”
Akiho: “But I mean, they've gotta be tough if they got seeded in the top 8.”
Kaito: “While I'm thinking of it, who took the crown at last year's ROBO-ONE?”
Akiho: “Mr. Pleiades.”
Kaito: “What? Excuse me?”
Akiho: “I said, Mr. Pleiades.”
Akiho: “This guy right here.”
I glance at Akiho's PokeCom.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, c'mon. You gotta be messing with me right now.”
Akiho: “I'm seriously not! He's a two-time title defender who won last year and the year before. The guy is the real deal.”
Kaito: “...Why is he wearing a mask?”
Akiho: “Dunno.”
Kaito: “I mean, this dude is definitely Japanese.”
Akiho: “You're probably right, but nobody knows his true identity.”
I've seen his face somewhere before...
Recently, too.
I quickly flip through my memories, and sure enough, there he is.
Kaito: “Wait... isn't this Hidaka-kun?”
Akiho: “What?”
Kaito: “You know, Hidaka Subaru?”
Akiho: “You mean the second year at our school?”
Kaito: “Yeah, him.”
Akiho: “Hrm...”
Akiho tilts her head as she brings her face close to the monitor and stares at it intently. Then...
Akiho: “No waaay!”
Akiho shuts down my theory almost immediately.
I don't know, they definitely look alike...
Mitsuhiko: “Heeeey! Guuuys!”
Akiho: “Oh, Mitchie.”
Mitchie casually walks toward us from the direction of the station, waving his hands.
What the heck has he been up to all day?
Akiho: “We've been trying to call you all day. Why didn't you pick up?”
Mitsuhiko: “Well, you know how it is! I've been running around here, there, and everywhere.”
Running around...?
Mitsuhiko: “Anyway, you guys caught me totally off guard! Brace yourselves... You're trending super hard on Twipo!”
Akiho: “Oh, yeah. I saw.”
Akiho: “There are tons of tweeps talking about how good Kai is. There's also a bunch about how revolutionary the KB control system is.”
Mitsuhiko: “Yeah... But uh, your identity's been exposed, Little Senomiya.”
Akiho: “Huh? Mine? What do you mean?”
Mitsuhiko: “Everyone's talking about how you're Senomiya Misaki's little sister. They've got pictures of your face posted everywhere.”
Akiho: “Huh...”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, little sister.”
Akiho: “I'm not your little sister, Mitchie.”
Mitsuhiko: “Don't think for a second that you wanna get swept up on the fame train like your sister.”
Mitsuhiko: “She's special. Abnormal, even. That's a pro tip, so you better etch it into your brain.”
Akiho: “I'd appreciate it if you didn't call her abnormal.”
Akiho: “Well, either way, she's special. That's for sure.”
Kaito: “Did you get to talk to Misa-nee at all, Mitchie?”
Mitsuhiko: “Nope. What about you, Little Senomiya?”
Akiho: “Ah, yeah, I tried to call her, but she didn't pick up...”
Mitsuhiko: “She thinks she's so much better than us...”
Mitsuhiko: “She could've at least given us a place to stay for the night!”
Mitchie and Misa-nee were classmates in high school. Mitchie even became president of the Robotics Club, which Misa-nee founded.
They used to be surprisingly close, but now there's a massive rift between them that may never be sealed.
Akiho: “Hahh...”
Akiho disappointedly sighs and takes a bite out of her crepe.
Akiho: “Anyway... I'm beat. Mitchie, let's hurry up and go to our hotel already. You better have gotten us rooms.”
Mitsuhiko: “We're A-OK! I've been searching for an affordable place to stay all day long!”
Kaito: “So, that's what you meant by running around.”
Mitsuhiko: “The original plan was for us to go back to the island today! Remember, we only had enough cash for airfare. Get me?”
Mitsuhiko: “This is where you're supposed to be surprised.”
I got more than my fill of surprises yesterday, thank you very much.
Mitsuhiko: “And yet I still took it upon myself to run around this unfamiliar city just to find room and board. Ain't I great?”
Kaito: “That's what you get for having no plan.”
Akiho: “You're unbelievable, Mitchie...”
Mitsuhiko: “Hmph, one day, you too will understand just how ruthless the vice principal can be...”
Akiho: “I assume you reserved two rooms?”
Mitsuhiko: “Why would I go and do that? All three of us can huddle up together no problemo!”
Akiho: “Wha?! I refuse to sleep in the same room as you, Mitchie!”
Mitsuhiko: “If you're gonna complain, you can sleep on the streets! Tokyo is super bright, even at night. That's a pro tip.”
Akiho: “Ugh, unbelievable... I'm going to make you get another room whether you like it or not.”
Akiho: “Let's just hurry up and get to the inn. C'mon, Kai.”
Akiho reaches her hand out to me.
Akiho: “We gotta rest for tomorrow.”
Akiho: “...Plus, you still haven't had an attack yet.”
Kaito: “...”
I've been trying to keep my mind off of that all day, so thanks for just bringing me crashing back to reality.
I click my tongue and take Akiho's hand for support as I stand up.
Akiho: “Tomorrow, we're taking the big one.”
Kaito: “We've come this far. We're taking the top spot.”
I'm being perfectly honest.
If nothing else, judging by my opponents in pools, the top 32 doesn't stand a chance.
Which is why I'm kind of disappointed.
I'm not really feeling a sense of accomplishment.
There's no fire inside of me. I'm not even remotely pumped up.
There's just disappointment.
Paired with my anxiety over the bomb I'm carrying with me...
My chest feels incredibly heavy.
Tomorrow, eh...
