The first bell of the morning rings as we exit the bus and head for the entrance.
Akiho: “Gah, the bell!”
Akiho doesn't even bother opening her umbrella as she steps off the bus and makes a dash for the entrance.
Akiho: “Kai, we'll be late if we don't hurry!”
She briefly turns back to me, but I wave her off with my hand. I'm sure they'll let it slide if I'm just a few minutes late.
I stroll to the entrance by myself.
At that moment...
???: “Suuupaaarinpeiii!”
I hear the strange shout of a girl and stop cold.
That voice came from the gymnasium, didn't it...?
The door's still open, so I take a look.
I see a lone girl inside.
The first bell already rang, so what's she doing?
There's nobody else around.
The Judo Club uses the gym for morning practice, so I assumed she was one of them, but there's no judo gi in sight.
On closer inspection, I recognize her small animal-like stature, short haircut, and boy-ish babyface.
I'm pretty sure she's one of my classmates.
Uhhh, what's her name? I can't remember.
I don't think we've ever really spoken to each other.
I look through the tag information on my PokeCom.
Oh, right! She's Daitoku Junna. Now I remember. We were in the same class last year.
And she's in the Karate Club? Yeah, that matches up.
She must be doing a kata right now.
She silently yet furiously repeats a series of defensive body movements. The combination of precise movement and silence creates a unique sense of tension in the air.
The speed at which she moves her fists is hard to follow by eye, and her occasional jump kicks are razor sharp.
Kaito: “But they seem... kinda weak.”
Maybe it's because she looks like a little boy?
Or are katas like this no matter who does them?
Anyhow, why's she practicing at a time like this? And in her school uniform, no less.
Junna: “Eehyah!”
She lets out a kind of cute shout as she thrusts her fist in front of her. She straightens out and bows.
I guess she's done.
She wipes the sweat from her brow like she's just finished a hard day's work and turns to exit the gymnasium.
That's when she notices me.
Junna: “Ah...”
Kaito: “...”
Our eyes meet.
To be honest, we aren't familiar enough to exchange morning greetings. Heck, I have no idea if she even knows who I am.
But now that we've clearly made eye contact, I can't just walk away without saying anything. I decide to greet her.
Kaito: “Morning... Daitoku-san.”
Junna: “O-Osu. Yashio-kun, um, aren't you getting wet standing there...?”
She seems to remember my name, at least.
Kaito: “Yeah, a little.”
Junna: “...”
Junna: “Um, were you watching the whole time?”
Kaito: “I was.”
Junna: “I-I see. Uuugh, that's embarrassing...”
She starts squirming, her face bright red. She looks even more like a small animal now.
Kaito: “Do you always do this around this time?”
Junna: “No, just today. Um, my little brother came down with a cold this morning, so I couldn't practice at home.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
Junna: “So, um, could you please not tell anyone about what you just saw...”
Kaito: “Why not?”
Junna: “Because... it's embarrassing...”
Kaito: “It is?”
Junna: “It is...”
Kaito: “...”
Junna: “...”
For some reason, we stand around silently for a while.
This is really awkward.
Junna: “Oh, more importantly, the first bell already rang! I need to leave before the teacher comes by.”
Kaito: “Oh, right.”
Junna: “So, um, I'll be going now!”
Daitoku Junna says that hurriedly and runs off toward the entrance. Her steps are light, like she has springs on her feet.
From behind, she looks like a junior high boy wearing a sailor uniform. It's kinda charming.
