The sky is so blue, it's crystal clear...
Day after day of cloudless skies, almost to the point of tedium.
The weather is pretty important around these parts, especially because it tends to rain a lot this time of year.
If it's just a light rain, I can wear a raincoat and commute to school by bike, but I'd rather it just be nice out.
The wind striking my face has the scent of summer. Or at least, that's what it feels like. Y'know, greenery and stuff.
Riding a scooter in the summer is way nicer than during the winter by a long shot.
Although I bet that holds true around the world, not just on this island.
Akiho is driving in front of me, her skirt flapping around in the wind.
Every day I get nervous about her accidentally flashing everyone, but her guard is unexpectedly tight.
We stop our scooters at the convenience store near the school.
One might call me a regular here at the Irei General Store.
Akiho: “I'll be going on ahead, okay?”
I lightly wave to Akiho in response before entering the store.
Mizuka: “Welcooome.”
The girl with the languid attitude sitting at the counter is Irei Mizuka-san.
She's the daughter of the store's owner and works here on most weekdays. She's helping with the family business.
She was Misa-nee's classmate. In other words, I've known her since I was in elementary school.
This older girl who barely even uses makeup has become somewhat of a minor celebrity among students at my high school.
With her easygoing personality, she speaks openly and frankly with all the teenagers who drop by here to shop.
She was left paralyzed from the waist down in a traffic accident back in college, but thanks to the fancy tech attached to her legs—her HUG—she gets by.
The HUG is a power-assisted suit that quietly hit the medical care market in 2010, which was back before the robot boom started.
Despite not being a robot, the HUG rode the robot wave and became huge, with over three million units sold worldwide.
Even on a rural island like this, you occasionally see people walking around with them in town.
HUGs even get used for non-medical things. You'll see special features on TV like ‘Jogging with HUGs is IN!’ and whatnot.
I lightly nod my head at Mizuka-san.
Kaito: “Heya. Looking beautiful as usual.”
Mizuka: “Hmph.”
She herself told me to compliment older girls, so I put her words into practice. Why's she gotta be so mean?
I grab the usual two bottles of Fruit Sour Melon from the drink aisle and bring them to the register.
Mizuka: “Where's Aki?”
Kaito: “She went on ahead to school.”
Mizuka: “She's got some nerve ignoring me!”
Kaito: “High school students aren't rich enough to buy things every day.”
Mizuka: “Doesn't she drink Skal every day?”
Kaito: “Good point.”
Mizuka: “Next time I see her, I'll make her buy two.”
Mizuka: “So, Kai. Are you sure you don't want this today?”
Mizuka-san grins at me and points to the steamer next to the register. It's filled with meat buns, anko buns, and more.
Kaito: “I only eat those when I have business.”
Mizuka: “And here I thought you just liked the taste.”
Kaito: “Those barf-tastic buns? You've got to be kidding me.”
Mizuka: “Kai. Did you just call food at my store barf-tastic? Did you?”
Kaito: “Ahah... S-Sorry.”
I try to laugh it off as I hand Mizuka-san the money for my drinks.
Mizuka: “Oh, right. Give Mitchie a message for me.”
She grimaces like she suddenly remembered something.
Mizuka: “Tell him to hurry up and pick up his protein.”
Kaito: “Mitchie ordered protein from here? Why didn't he just have it delivered to his house?”
Mizuka: “Hell if I know. Either way, he totally forgot his order. The guy hasn't come by to pick it up.”
Under the counter I see four protein bags with “5 kilograms” written on them. The company probably shipped them by sea.
Oh, “Mitchie” is Nagafukada Mitsuhiko's nickname. He's the P.E. teacher at school and our club advisor. Simple, right?
Kaito: “Can't you tell him yourself? Just call him or something.”
Mizuka: “Come on, you know I don't have a PokeCom.”
It's weird for her to boast about that languidly.
Mizuka-san is bad with machines. She's always bragging about how the only things she can use are the register and her HUG stuff.
Kaito: “That's not what I mean. Doesn't the store have a landline phone?”
Mizuka: “Too much work.”
Kaito: “...”
I heard Mitchie was her classmate and friend, but maybe I'm misremembering?
Mizuka: “So Kai, let him know, 'kay? Thanks.”
As soon as she's done talking, she opens yesterday's newspaper and starts reading. Guess we're done...? She's like a grumpy old man. What terrible customer service.
God, she's so scary. I thought Misa-nee was bad, but Mizuka-san is no slouch. Why are the women her age so terrifying?
Or maybe those two are just special.
Ah, crap. I spent way too much time chatting with Mizuka-san.
I need to hurry or I'm gonna end up late.
I reach the school gate and turn off the engine.
It's a school rule that once you hit the entrance, you gotta turn off your scooter's engine and push it from there.
Mitsuhiko: “Yo, good morning! Hurry up!”
Kaito: “Oh, well if it ain't Mitchie.”
Perfect timing. Mitchie is at the gate, greeting students as they arrive.
Mitsuhiko: “Hey now, Yashio. I'm always telling you, it's ‘Nagafukada-sensei’! Got that? Stop calling me Mitchie.”
Sir Nagafukada Mitsuhiko-sensei IV, Esq. is a graduate of this school and was also the first president of the Robotics Club.
I started calling him Mitchie because Mizuka-san does. The habit then spread to Akiho.
Kaito: “Nagafukada-sensei, I was just at Mizuka-san's store. She wants you to hurry and pick up your protein stuff.”
Mitsuhiko: “Gah! I totally forgot! But I don't have any cash on me today. What should I do?!”
Mitchie enters panic mode and clings to me.
Mitsuhiko: “Hey, just tell me one thing. Was Irei angry?”
Kaito: “Probably? Also, don't cling to me like that. You're dripping in sweat.”
Mitsuhiko: “I see. Listen, Yashio. Let me give you some valuable info. Irei is seriously scary when she's angry. That's all.”
Kaito: “Yeah, I'm well aware.”
Mitchie is basically a delinquent teacher.
Welp, he'd better brace himself for the wrath of Mizuka-san.
