Once again, Akiho charges off to the faculty room after class.
It's stupidly hot outside, so I'm waiting in the classroom today, looking at Twipo to kill time.
Twipo is a social media platform with limited-character-count posts on the internet.
PokeComs have their own app for it.
Each post is called a tweep, and they form a timeline on-screen based on when they were posted.
If you follow someone else's account, it'll display their tweeps in your timeline too.
I'm following around 100 people.
If you follow a lot of people, your timeline basically gets flooded with constant updates.
It's a real pain to try and keep up with it all like that, so you can split tweeps into multiple lists.
List A is for Robotics Club members, so I guess you could say it's for friends.
Till last year, our club had more than two people in it. Given our current state, Akiho is the only one in List A.
List B is made up of real-life acquaintances and people I know online.
It includes my family, Akiho's family, Mitchie, and a few others.
I have no friends around my age, and I don't follow many of my classmates. Thus, List B is mostly adults.
List C is for others.
That includes journalists in Tokyo and the official accounts for newspapers and news sites.
If I look at List C, I can get a pretty good idea of what's going on in Tokyo.
I don't really use List D.
Even with the lists split, they refresh within hours. I keep telling myself to at least check Twipo once a day.
As I scroll through my timeline, I see talk about a new giant robot developed by TAYOTA in Tokyo.
I guess they revealed the thing around lunch time today.
Actually, Akiho mentioned seeing this in the news.
Maybe I should reply.
You can directly respond to other people's tweeps via the reply function.
That said, I don't use Twipo that much, so I really only reply to people in List A.
You guessed it. That means Akiho's the only one I interact with.
That should do it.
Hayakawa: “Hey, Yashio. Can I ask you for a favor?”
One of my few classmates still around on cleaning duty talks to me.
Hayakawa: “I'm gonna be late for my bus home if I don't leave soon. Are you busy? Could you maybe throw the trash out for me?”
Takahashi: “Don't bother, Hayakawa. This is Yashio we're talking about.”
Hayakawa: “Huh? But he doesn't look busy...”
It's not that I look like I have free time, I do have free time.
But I'm currently stuck in this room.
Who knows when Madam President is gonna get back.
I decide to turn down her request in the only way I know.
Kaito: “I don't mind taking your place.”
Hayakawa: “Wait, really? Oh my gosh, th—”
Kaito: “However, if you want me to do something, you'll have to beat me in a match.”
Kaito: “If you win, I'll throw out the trash or whatever it is that you want.”
Hayakawa: “What? Um, I'm kinda in a hurry.”
Takahashi: “Didn't I tell you? There's no point. Yashio's always like this. It was a mistake to even ask.”
Hayakawa: “Ugh, never mind. A match? Really? How stupid...”
Still muttering complaints, the two pick up the trash cans and exit the classroom.
I'm alone now.
Wait, if Hayakawa was seriously about to miss her bus, why couldn't Takahashi take out the trash alone?
I considered shouting that at them, but that'd be a bit much for me, so I decided against it.
I'm aware that people consider me an ass, but this is my policy. I have no intention of changing it.
Just when I'm finally about to enjoy a match of Kill-Ballad...
Akiho: “Kaiii.”
Akiho returns with the clubroom key in hand.
The key is stored in the faculty room, so she has to go and pick it up every time we have club.
Akiho: “To the clubroom!”
Kaito: “Yeah, yeah.”
I stand up from my seat.
We exit the classroom and walk together toward the clubroom.
Kaito: “Was the vice principal in?”
Akiho: “Nope.”
Akiho: “So... I don't think the VP has been coming to school lately. You haven't seen her either, right?”
I shrug my shoulders, indicating that I haven't.
Akiho: “Mitchie might know something. Maybe I'll interrogate him.”
Kaito: “You just don't give up, do you? Maybe I should call you ‘Snapping Turtle’ from now on.”
Akiho: “Boo, that's lame.”
Akiho: “Look, either way, we can't do anything without money.”
Akiho: “We've already lost two months... If things keep up like thisー”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Subaru: “...”
The moment she sees a certain male student, Akiho winces.
His name is Hidaka Subaru, and he's a second year.
You could call him Akiho's archnemesis.
At the same time, you could say he's the one person Akiho won't give up on trying to win over.
I can already see the sparks flying violently between them.
Akiho: “H-Hey, Hidaka-kun!”
Despite feigning cheerfulness, it's pretty clear that she's pretty nervous around the younger boy.
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “It's been a year and three months since we first met here. Which means...”
Akiho: “It's time to join the Robotics Club and join us in building the giant robot of justice together!”
Subaru: “I have no intention of joining your third-rate Robotics Club.”
Hidaka Subaru brutally interrupts Akiho.
Subaru: “I've given you the same answer over 20 times.”
Akiho: “C'mon, the Robotics Club needs your technical skills, Hidaka-kun!”
Subaru: “I want nothing to do with your Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “Grrr...”
Subaru: “Excuse me.”
Without even a bow, Hidaka Subaru changes from his indoor shoes to his regular ones, then leaves.
Akiho: “I'm gonna win him over if it's the last thing I do...!”
Akiho's face is bright red. She looks like she's going to start stamping her feet in frustration.
Kaito: “He clearly doesn't like you, so why do you gotta be so stubborn about this?”
Akiho: “Hey, this is your problem, too!”
I haven't the slightest clue why, but Hidaka Subaru is actively hostile toward the Robotics Club.
He was the one student who came to watch our club last year, but it wasn't long before he started calling us stuff like “third-rate” and “worthless.”
Well, I guess it only makes sense. In terms of technical skills, Subaru is on a completely different level.
In junior high, he apparently entered ROBO-ONE solo and won third place. He never entered again after that.
According to Mitchie's intel, he's even capable of repairing broken wristwatches.
I understand why he looks down on us, to an extent.
If he ever joined the Robotics Club, he'd immediately be our ace.
Heck, even though he's younger, he'd probably make a better club president than Akiho.
Kaito: “He's not wrong about us being third-rate, though. Haha.”
Akiho: “Don't say things like that, Kai...”
Kaito: “You gotta accept reality for what it is.”
Akiho: “I know, I know. But I still can't just go and say ‘sure’, and be fine with it!”
All sorts of people make fun of our little club.
It wasn't nearly this bad when Akiho and I joined up as new students.
It's hard to say when it began, but I think it was after last year's new student club orientation.
The seniors in club weren't the public-speaking types, so Akiho gave the speech instead. That's where she screwed up.
Akiho made a showy intro video about Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1 and the club members maintaining it.
The BGM for the video was the Gunvarrel theme song, sung by Akiho herself.
I'm sure you can imagine how all of that went over.
And so, the only student who came to check our club out was Hidaka Subaru. He must've come to pick a fight.
This year, Akiho and I ended up alone. She did her best to learn from her prior failures and didn't show the robot.
But mid-speech, Akiho had an “attack” and was sent to the infirmary. Since I don't care about robots, it was over.
So, it made total sense that we couldn't get any new recruits.
Plus, right after that, Akiho requested a tenfold increase to our budget, causing the student council and the VP to snap.
As a result, even the underclassmen got a bad impression of Akiho burned into their minds. And so...
Our club and the GunBuild Project became the objects of ridicule. Students started referring to it as homegrown scrap.
Sure, compared to the high tech robots being made by huge companies worldwide, ours is both ugly and has super low specs.
I've heard people say that if it still hasn't been completed after eight years, it'll never get finished.
They say it's a waste of club funds, and that the budget would be better off given to other clubs.
I can't argue with that.
Hell, you could even argue that the Robotics Club had been given too much special treatment up until now.
And all that was because of the groundwork that Misa-nee put in as the founding member of the organization.
Since we're clinging to the work that others did before us, I'm sure the school looks at us like we're parasites.
Kaito: “Illustrates society pretty well, huh...”
“All right, time to go ham on Kill-Ballad today.”
I think that to myself as I set down my bag in the clubroom.
Akiho: “Haaah, time to recharge.”
Akiho says that to herself and starts fiddling with her own PokeCom.
Anime appears on the screen.
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Jakiiin!”
Kaito: “...”
Geez, is the climax right at the start or something? It only took her five seconds to recharge.
I gotta hand it to her, it's impressive that she's recovered so quickly. She's even posing.
Kaito: “You're gonna break your PokeCom again if you flail around like that in here.”
Akiho: “It'll be fiiiine!”
Akiho is always like this with anime. The two of us can barely sit comfortably in here, yet she's flailing wildly.
If only she'd just go outside.
Oh, and how in the heck does she get so excited over something she's seen countless times?
Kaito: “So, what anime is that?”
Akiho: “WHA?!”
I asked that without thinking too deeply about it, and Akiho's expression morphs. She shoves the tablet screen in my face.
Akiho: “It's Gunvarrel! GUNVARREL!”
Kaito: “Ahh, I-I see.”
Now that I think about it, she was shouting its name earlier.
I may not know much about mecha anime, but that was a dumb question even for me.
Akiho: “What do you mean ‘Ahh, I see?’ I'm always showing it to you at my house!”
Akiho's getting about as heated up as I expected.
She's clearly still annoyed from her earlier encounter with Subaru, so she's more charged up than usual.
That being said, she doesn't show me Gunvarrel. It's more like she watches it and I happen to be in the room.
Akiho: “And that game you're always playing on your PokeCom!”
Akiho points at the tablet hanging from my waist.
Akiho: “What's it based on?!”
Kaito: “Gunvarrel.”
Akiho: “What's the life-size robot our club is working so hard to build?!”
Kaito: “Gunvarrel...”
Akiho: “This Blu-ray sitting right here...”
Akiho picks up the BD sitting on the desk and points at the picture on the jacket.
Akiho: “What freakin' anime is this?!”
Kaito: “G-Gunvarrel...”
Akiho: “Correct♪”
She drops the frown and returns to a smile.
By the way, that's the only Blu-ray we own. Hell, the clubroom doesn't even have a Blu-ray player or a TV, so it's useless.
Akiho: “Kai, you're a failure of a Robotics Club member.”
Kaito: “Yup. Guess I'm not much of a learner.”
Akiho: “Could you not be like that, just for once?”
Kaito: “If you want me to be even more honest, I really don't care about any of this.”
Akiho: “I figured that out a looong time ago.”
Akiho shrugs her shoulders in exasperation, and for some reason pulls out the whiteboard in the corner.
Kaito: “Gah, don't tell me...”
Akiho: “Which means today it's time to brainwash you for good!”
Seriously...?
She always goes on forever.
Akiho: “For starters, Gunvarrel is a god-tier anime.”
Here comes the hyperbole.
Akiho: “At the very least, it's been the number one hit anime since the start of the 21st century!”
Akiho: “In terms of Blu-ray sales, it's still number one in the world!”
In this age of the PokeCom, everyone's switched to cloud storage when it comes to media. Nobody buys stuff on discs.
Of course, I don't dare voice any of this, as it'd just make her talk longer.
Akiho: “Mecha anime really is the best...! Every boy in Japan loves robots!”
Aren't you a girl, Akiho?
Akiho: “Ever since that one astro kid showed up in the '60s, robots've been looked up to and admired by all! They're friends, heroes, and just plain cool!”
Akiho: “They're the symbol of Japanese animation! That's mecha anime!”
Akiho: “Other people have a totally different set of values when it comes to humanoid robots. That's why nobody else can design them like we do.”
Akiho: “Some people take that to mean that only Japanese people truly understand robots...”
Akiho: “But Gunvarrel is different.”
Akiho: “Even though it was produced by a Japanese animation studio, it first aired overseas.”
Akiho: “It took half a year for it to air in Japan.”
Akiho: “By that point, it was already a hot item all over the world!”
Akiho: “Not only did Japan join in on the party, it even gained a giant viewership that kicked off the modern robot boom!”
Akiho: “Plus, the ending was anything but ordinary, which helped turn the franchise into something legendary.”
I swear I've heard this a billion times...
Akiho: “After three years of airing on TV, who could have guessed that the final episode would go unaired?!”
Akiho: “The uproar was insane, and fans around the world were on the brink of rioting.”
Akiho: “The final ep isn't on the Blu-ray, and nobody involved has ever spoken about it. It's totally shrouded in mystery.”
Akiho: “Four years have passed, and there are still tons of people who theorize about the contents of the final episode.”
Akiho: “Not only that, but the internet's been flooded with fake eps masquerading as the final one.”
Akiho: “Fans have even written some analyses that are more meta, explaining how NOT showing the final episode is actually part of Gunvarrel's message.”
Akiho: “Personally, I think this whole final episode thing is a challenge from the staff...”
Akiho: “Either way, there's no denying that the last ep going unaired helped Gunvarrel evolve into the god-tier anime it is.”
Akiho: “Some theories even say that the current worldwide robot boom started with Gunvarrel!”
She sure can talk...
I just want to play Kill-Ballad.
Kaito: “So, you're saying that Gunvarrel is a beloved anime around the world, and it'll never be topped.”
Akiho: “Bingo!”
Akiho: “I mean, if you were to ask me if Gunvarrel is superior to mecha anime of the past, I'm not sure how I'd answer.”
Akiho: “But I do think you can call it the culmination of an entire half-century's worth of mecha anime!”
Akiho: “Or I guess to be more clear, it cherry-picked the best elements of past mecha anime masterpieces.”
Akiho: “It's the classic tale of a noble hero, but that nobility is thoroughly explored via strong character development, AND it's very easy to understand!”
Akiho: “All the characters are good people, and you can empathize with them.”
Akiho: “That's why people get so fired up and emotional about it.”
Akiho: “So? I'm betting you wanna jump right in, don'tcha? Wanna marathon the whole thing from episode one, don'tcha?! Don'tcha?!”
Akiho's eyes sparkle as she attempts to innocently appeal to me. She's like a little boy talking about his hero.
Heck, even I'm starting to get a little excited... Just kidding.
Kaito: “Nope. I'm not interested.”
Akiho: “Ugh, you contrarian!”
Kaito: “Honestly, I think you're the only high school girl in the world who can speak so passionately about mecha anime.”
Akiho: “Another brainwashing fail... Fine, I'll watch it on my own...”
Akiho sulks and goes back to appreciating Gunvarrel.
