Akiho: “...”
I'm standing in the ROBO-ONE entry registration line.
Without even realizing it, I've pulled up a certain person's name on my PokeCom.
I'm kind of surprised at myself.
To be honest, I was planning on sending her a message while in line.
I've probably only ever called her a few times total.
That's mostly because I usually send my older sister messages. I rarely call.
Heck, I don't plan on calling her right now, either.
Yet here I am, staring so intently at her name that I even forget to breathe. My sense of panic is almost laughable.
Whether it be by message or phone call, I haven't once been able to get in touch with Big Sis over the last six years.
She doesn't answer any of my calls or reply to any of my messages. She must be busy with TV appearances and stuff.
Oh, and despite appearances, she's pretty disorganized.
I know I'm just making excuses to fool myself.
My sister was a college student up until two years ago, and even then I couldn't get in touch with her.
All these feelings well up inside my head.
Is she avoiding me?
Misaki: “No matter what you do, you'll always be average, Aki.”
If I just say the word into my PokeCom, it'll call her.
But when I try to speak, my voice gets caught in my throat. It won't come out.
I'm hesitating...
I'm in Tokyo right now.
My sister is somewhere in this city too.
This is probably the closest I've been to her since she left the island six years ago.
She's right here in front of my eyes. Within arm's reach.
I sent her a message before about everything going on with ROBO-ONE.
But I have no clue if she read it or not.
Since I'm here in Tokyo, I want to see her. She's family.
Akiho: “Don't hesitate, you idiot.”
Akiho: “Call.”
I steel myself and say the word out loud.
My sister works for the Exoskeleton Company.
It goes without saying, but that's the company that produces HUGs.
Right now, it's rated number one on the list of companies in Japan that students want to go and work for.
Big Sis makes appearances on TV and in commercials as the person in charge of their PR.
Since last night, I've seen countless posters and AR ads with her photo plastered on them. I think I've seen her more in the last few hours than I did on the island.
Yet somehow, I can't get in touch with her.
Akiho: “...”
I stare at the screen display, almost like I'm sending a prayer.
It's like something deep in my chest is being squeezed tight, and it hurts.
I clench my chest over my clothes.
Receptionist: “Next in line.”
A female receptionist calls out for me.
It's then that I realize I'm already at the front of the line.
Receptionist: “Excuse me?”
The woman looks at me and offers an entry form for me to fill out.
My gaze darts back and forth between the PokeCom monitor and the woman.
Akiho: “...Right.”
I sigh and put away my PokeCom.
I'm finally within arm's reach.
She's so close.
Yet I still can't reach her...
