Fujita: “...”
Akiho: “...So?!”
Fujita: “Don't rush me. I'm doing it now.”
Doc's never done stuff like this for the Robotics Club before.
Nearly 6 hours zoomed by after explaining the situation to Doc. It's pretty late... The date's about to change.
Doc keeps saying “Interesting...” while he helps install the parts. The self-proclaimed Robot Doctor's skills are a thing to behold.
He also lent us a laptop, but quickly took it from Akiho due to her slow programming. ‘Watching you's killin' me, give it here!’ he said. Now he's doing it himself.
Akiho: “Hey, Doc? If you do everything, I'm not gonna have anything left to take care of.”
Fujita: “If I leave it to a little girl like you, it'll never get done.”
Akiho: “I know, but...”
Kaito: “Just leave him be. At least we can trust his work.”
Akiho: “Grr...”
I'll let Akiho pout by herself for now.
Doc's fingers move like water as they glide across the PC keys.
The PC is wired up to the controller board on the Honorary Prez's back. It's basically the Prez's brain.
You load the movement control program into it from the PC.
Generally speaking, this is where the overall quality of a hobby robot is determined.
Not that I have any clue what all the program text and numbers on the monitor mean.
Fujita: “Hmph, that should do it.”
Look at this old rocker. He's usually snide and cold, but he's clearly in a good mood today.
Is he enjoying this?
Fujita: “I did everything it takes to make it move. All ya gotta do is make whatever adjustments the operator wants.”
Akiho: “Let's hurry up and try it out!”
Akiho pulls the USB cable out of the Honorary Prez and stands it up on the floor.
She then flips the power on.
Akiho: “Kai, you ready?”
Kaito: “Hold on.”
I need to start up the app.
I've already downloaded the “KILL-BALLAD SYSTEM 2019” app that Frau Koujiro told me to.
Akiho: “Done yet?”
Fujita: “Hurry it up.”
Akiho: “...”
Fujita: “...”
Akiho: “Kaiii?”
Kaito: “It's running.”
Displayed on my PokeCom monitor is the first-person view of a robot cockpit, Kill-Ballad style.
This is just a dummy image. There's no camera built into the Honorary Prez.
Not to mention there's no point in reproducing a proper first-person perspective on a hobby robot.
Akiho: “Let me see.”
Akiho peeks at my PokeCom from the side.
Akiho: “Wow... it looks like just like Kill-Ballad!”
Looks like Frau Koujiro reused his KB UI... But it's not just “like” KB, it literally IS the KB UI.
Akiho: “Gettin' fired up, yeah?!”
Kaito: “Yeah, I am.”
I reflexively respond to Akiho without meaning to.
Even I can't deny that this is exciting.
Plus, this thing was built by Kill-Ballad's one and only creator!
Fujita: “Quit gawkin' and get to movin'! Ain't no movement test if you're just starin'!”
The “KILL-BALLAD SYSTEM 2019” help menu says the control scheme is the same as Kill-Ballad's.
Akiho: “It says you can combine different commands to perform various pre-programmed moves.”
Fujita: “I registered one ahead of time as a test.”
Akiho: “If you input the same command as in Kill-Ballad, you should be able to do a Gunval Upper... emphasis on ‘should.’”
Kaito: “Simple enough. Let's give it a shot.”
It's a command input I do several hundred times a day, so I'd never mess it up.
Upon successful input, the Prez crouches down, then stands back up while doing an uppercut with its left arm.
Kaito: “Nice...”
Akiho: “Perfect!”
Fujita: “I don't know who thought up this system, but it's damn impressive.”
The way this system works, if you just press random buttons, you'll only throw out basic moves.
But by combining command inputs, you can unleash more complex moves. That seems to be its most unique feature, according to the help menu.
Akiho: “Kai!”
Akiho's face is a bit flushed as she looks at me in excitement.
Akiho: “We've met your condition, right? Right? Even you seem excited about this!”
Condition?
Akiho: “Please compete in ROBO-ONE as the Prez's operator. Please!”
Upon saying this, she puts up one hand like she's taking an oath.
Akiho: “It's time to use those gaming skills of yours, Kai.”
Kaito: “...”
Honestly, as of yesterday, I never would have imagined anything like this.
It's like the stars aligned for us, and now Akiho's never gonna accept no for an answer. This is gonna be a real pain...
But hey, at least now it looks like we can win.
And anyway, I already told Frau Koujiro that I'd be competing in ROBO-ONE.
Kaito: “I guess I've got no choice.”
I shrug my shoulders.
Then I give Akiho a high five.
Kaito: “Meh, a promise is a promise.”
Akiho: “All riiight!”
Akiho grabs my hand and starts violently shaking it up and down.
Akiho: “Kai, thank you so much! I have the perfect reward for you: an important life lesson from ‘that person’!”
Akiho: “‘Remember this, a bird in a cage is nothing but a tool for one's enjoyment.’”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, are you trying to get me to help or quit?”
Akiho: “Hehe.”
Akiho: “Of course I want you to help. I'm really happy about this!”
Akiho: “I know your skills better than anyone, after all.”
That's because I've thoroughly crushed Akiho in so many matches that I've lost count.
I suppose you could refer to it as knowledge gained through pain and suffering.
Akiho: “Now we need to tweak TanegashiMachine-3 before we leave tomorrow evening. Oh, and we have to register some more commands, too.”
Akiho: “Let's go home, take a nap, and meet in the clubroom at 6:00 in the morning.”
Kaito: “Yeah, I ain't waking up that early. This one's on you, Aki-chan.”
I still haven't packed for the trip to Tokyo, either.
Akiho: “After everything that's happened, why do you still have to be like this...?”
Akiho: “Whatever, I'm dying of hunger. Let's go home!”
Akiho hurriedly puts the Prez into its carrying case and is about to cheerfully exit the store, when—
Fujita: “Oi, hold yer horses, Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “...!”
Akiho: “...Wh-What is it, Doc?”
Doc is still sitting at the counter. He waves a sales slip at us.
Fujita: “The parts cost 16,000 yen, tax included.”
Akiho: “Wha...?!”
Fujita: “Don't worry. The service fee is on the house.”
Akiho: “Don't worry...? But th-that's s-sixteen... sixteen thousand...”
I watch the blood drain from Akiho's face.
Akiho: “Doc! You should know I don't walk around with that kind of money! You evil demon! Old miser! Penny pincherrrr!”
Fujita: “What?! Who's the one that installed the parts and set this all up for you?”
Akiho: “I never asked you to...”
Fujita: “Did you say something?”
Akiho: “Ah, nope, hehe, I said nothing.”
She laughs it off, then whispers into my ear.
Akiho: “Kai, wh-what should we do...?”
Akiho: “Maybe we should call Mitchie? But he probably wouldn't come even if we did call him...”
Akiho: “Why does it always have to be about money?! Why is this world so cruel...?!”
Akiho: “Kai, if it comes to it, I'll be the hostage. You just go to Tokyo alone and—”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, calm down. You're being ridiculous.”
Akiho: “D-Don't be mean... So then, what should we do...?”
Kaito: “Doc.”
I call out to the old man.
Kaito: “We'll pay the parts fee using the ROBO-ONE prize money.”
Akiho: “Oh...!”
Fujita: “...”
Akiho: “Kai, that was the coolest thing ever just now!”
Kaito: “Well, if I'm going to compete, I'm aiming for the top.”
Kaito: “Er, okay, I sounded a liiiittle bit cocky there, to be completely honest. Ahah.”
Fujita: “You two tryin' to bullshit an adult?”
Kaito: “Ugh...”
My trump card didn't work...?!
Doc shoots us a sharp glare.
Fujita: “But I gotta admit, that rocks pretty damn hard.”
He bends his lips into a smirk.
Apparently that's his idea of a smile.
Seeing it sends a chill down my spine.
Fujita: “All right. I'll put it on your tab. You pay me after you win.”
Akiho: “Really?! We're saved...!”
Kaito: “Thanks, Doc.”
Let's just keep it secret that I was a little scared.
Fujita: “Hmph. You best go kick some ass and win. Especially after that declaration. Losing ain't gettin' you outta paying!”
Akiho: “Don't worry, we've got this!”
Akiho puffs her chest out with pride. For some reason, she seems terribly confident.
By the time I finally get home, it's way past 11 at night.
It goes without saying that Mom is pissed, but I somehow manage to avoid being lectured and hop right into bed.
It isn't until I'm in bed that I realize I'm still not packed for Tokyo, but whatever. I can do that tomorrow.
Tokyo, huh...?
I've never been there before.
I mean, I see it on TV and in the news all the time, but I can't even begin to imagine how many people live there.
And trains underground? That just seems nuts.
I find it hard to believe when people tell me about how buildings are lined up endlessly, going on as far as the eye can see.
It might as well be a fairy-tale world to a rural islander like me.
But it's also where Misa-nee lives.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't excited. But...
Either way, the place sounds a little scary.
In 24 hours, I'll be in Tokyo.
It just doesn't feel real yet.
Despite being fairly exhausted, I end up laying in bed for over an hour, unable to sleep.
This is pretty out of character for me. I might actually be excited about this trip...
