Mitsuhiko: “Hmm? The manual for TanegashiMachine 3?”
Akiho: “Yeah. I looked through the club's inventory, but I couldn't find it.”
After school in the faculty room.
I crouched down and snuck my way between the desks to avoid the VP. Mitchie's desk is a total mess, and it smells weird.
And since it's been raining all day, everything's real musty.
I can't help but scrunch up my face at the scent...
Mitsuhiko: “Well, your sister made that thing, so...”
Mitsuhiko: “If it's not at school, it'd probably be at your house. That's a tip.”
Akiho: “You're not sure, Mitchie?”
Mitchie has a long history with the club. He was part of the association, and was even the club's first president.
When TanegashiMachine3 won ROBO-ONE, Mitchie was the one who took the award. There's still a commemorative photo by the entrance.
And now, he serves as the club advisor.
That's why I'd been hoping he'd know anything and everything there was to know about the Robotics Club, but...
Mitsuhiko: “Now, now. Do you really expect people to remember where they put something a decade ago?”
Akiho: “Not really, but...”
Mitsuhiko: “There you have it.”
This April, the Robotics Club was moved from the tech prep room to the equipment storage space in the courtyard.
Most of the club's inventory is still packed into boxes and stacked up inside of it.
While I was the one who packed it all up, I honestly don't remember if I saw the manual at the time.
Akiho: “Well, I guess progress is progress. Now I know it could be at home! All right!”
In order to pump myself up, I pump my fist into the air despite still being crouched down.
Akiho: “Oh, if I end up needing parts, you're chipping in. Since you're our advisor and all, I'm expecting good things!”
Mitsuhiko: “...Hey, Little Senomiya. There's just one thing I want to tell you.”
Akiho: “Huh? What?”
Mitsuhiko: “There's a certain saying. I really like it, so I want you to remember it well. Etch it into your heart.”
Mitsuhiko: “‘Relying on others leads to no good. Do everything you can on your own, even if you make mistakes. You can wear those failures as badges of honor later.’”
Mitsuhiko: “Whaddya think? Pretty good, right?”
Akiho: “Are you saying you're not going to pay up?!”
I'm over here doing my best to find a way to win, so hearing him assume I'm going to fail makes me angry.
Mitsuhiko: “This is part of education. It's painful to me, too. I can sympathize, Little Senomiya.”
Akiho: “Can you stop calling me that, Mitchie?”
Mitsuhiko: “Then how about you quit it with the Mitchie stuff? It's Nagafukada-sensei. Got it?”
Mitsuhiko: “If you pay respect to your teachers, they might be more willing to do stuff for you later. That's another pro tip.”
Akiho: “Whatever... It was a mistake to expect anything out of you, Mitchie. Excuse me.”
I hurriedly flee the faculty room. I'm fairly certain the VP was glaring at me the whole time, but I pay her no mind.
The doom and gloom sets in as I return to the classroom.
Akiho: “Hahhh, being club president sure is a lonely job...”
Up until now, I never really had much experience in leadership roles. Y'know, stuff like class rep or team captain.
I automatically became the Robotics Club president when I became a third year, but nothing's been going right for me.
The reason our reputation is in the mud is because of my beef with the student council and the vice principal...
The more I think about it, the more my stomach starts to hurt. Urgggh...
Akiho: “Not yet! This isn't over yet!”
I say out loud, trying to force myself to feel better.
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Subaru: “...”
Aw maaan, why did I have to run into him now of all times?
I've spent over a year trying to get him to join our club because he'd be a rad addition to the team, but...
I still can't handle Hidaka-kun. I've legit never encountered such a jerk of an underclassman before.
Akiho: “Heyo, Hidaka-kun. Since you're here and all, how about joining—”
Subaru: “It's over, isn't it?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Subaru: “You said something about it not being over, but it sounds like you're trying to flee from your club's reality.”
Ugh, he heard me talking to myself!
This is a wee bit embarrassing... Man, I'd love to erase the last two minutes from his memory...
Now normally, our conversation would end here.
Hidaka-kun never sticks around to talk to me.
But today's different. Instead, he's the one who approaches me.
Subaru: “I heard you plan on entering ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “H-How did you know...?”
Subaru: “The rumor's already spread around the school.”
Akiho: “Oh... Well, that's right. And if we don't win, the Robotics Club is finished.”
Subaru: “It's hopeless, then.”
Quick and to the point.
Hidaka-kun's saying the same thing that Kai said.
Akiho: “Is it? You can't know until you try!”
Subaru: “I happen to know a thing or two about ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “Ah!”
That's right! Hidaka-kun entered ROBO-ONE solo when he was in junior high and made it to third place!
This is exactly why I was trying to convince him to join the club! How could I forget something so important?!
Akiho: “This must be destiny!”
I can feel my blood pumping as I accidentally voice my thoughts.
I pay little attention to Hidaka-kun's cold gaze.
Akiho: “Hidaka-kun, the time has come for you to use that experience of yours for the sake of the Robotics Club!”
The moment I finish speaking, Hidaka-kun shifts his gaze in another direction.
I follow his eyes and land at the glass showcase for all the trophies and awards that the various clubs have won.
Among them is the group photo of the Robotics Research Association, back when they won ROBO-ONE nine years ago.
Subaru: “Do you have any experience building hobby robots, Senomiya-senpai?”
Akiho: “Nope.”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “But I do have experience building much bigger robots!”
Well, to be precise, I haven't actually finished anything. You know how it is.
Subaru: “And you think that's good enough to win the championship?”
Subaru: “I recommend not underestimating ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “...!”
His words bite.
It almost feels like he's stuck a needle in my heart.
It's a sharp, prickly sort of pain.
I'm so shocked by his aggressive words that I can't say a word.
Subaru: “The other entrants would've started their preperations nearly half a year ago. They'll be bringing their best machines.”
Subaru: “There's no chance that a third-rate amateur like you, entering out of nowhere with zero preparation, could ever win.”
Subaru: “That's nonsense.”
I manage to put my emotions back in order, then take a deep breath.
Akiho: “So what, are you entering the tournament, then?”
Subaru: “No.”
Akiho: “You haven't competed since that one time, right? Why n—?”
Subaru: “It has nothing to do with you.”
He spits out his response and abruptly tries to leave.
Like heck I'm gonna let someone younger than me talk smack and just leave!
How frustrating...
If I could just get one decent comeback in...
And so the words just fly out of my mouth.
Akiho: “For the record, miracles aren't things you wait for. They're things you make happen yourself.”
I hide my anger behind a calm expression, wiggling my finger in the air like a pendulum.
Akiho: “You see that sort of thing all the time in mecha anime, right? Like Gunvarrel, for example.”
Subaru: “That's because Gunvarrel is for kids. It nearly bored me to sleep when I watched it.”
Subaru: “The story was incredibly cheesy, so I dropped it after season one.”
Akiho: “...?!”
Akiho: “Whoa, hooold on, I can't let that one slide.”
My heart's ablaze now.
I'm pretty sure there are literal flames burning in my eyes now.
Akiho: “Mecha anime is all about dreams, hope, and romantic ideals!”
Okay, so maybe that one anime with ‘that person’ isn't really about that stuff, but that's an exception!
In fact, ‘that person’ is the only exception♪
Subaru: “That line of thinking is exactly why, despite the robot boom, Japanese mecha anime is still treated like children's fodder.”
Subaru: “We need mecha anime with more refined and philosophical plots. More realism, with a militaristic feel.”
Akiho: “I don't want any of that! Mecha anime is supposed to get kids excited and fired up!”
Subaru: “Hmph, how childish. You're not even worth debating.”
Akiho: “Grrr...!”
Akiho: “The real robot stories you talk about have people dying left and right. It's depressing!”
Subaru: “Real robots? What's that supposed to mean?”
Akiho: “You know, like how we have super robots and real robots?”
Subaru: “Tell me your definitions of ‘super’ and ‘real,’ then. If you have any.”
Akiho: “U-Umm...”
I've never really given it much thought.
It's more like a kinda feeling you get...
Akiho: “I guess real robots are ones that seem like they could actually exist...?”
Subaru: “Hmph...”
Subaru: “I'll be taking my leave. I know I've said this many times, but could you refrain from speaking to me ever again?”
Subaru: “I want nothing to do with the Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “Hey, wait...!”
I hurriedly try to stop Hidaka-kun.
But if I do, this'll just drag out our conversation.
And the reality is that when it comes to this subject, we're on two completely different wavelengths.
With that in mind, I resist the urge to chase after him.
But once my flame is lit, it doesn't go out so easily.
Akiho: “Uuugh...! It's because he was a spoiled brat!”
I finally manage to shout out from the depths of my soul.
Which of course results in all the students nearby having a good laugh at me as they head home.
Back in the clubroom, I start to take TanegashiMachine 3 apart, but since my energy has been totally sapped, I can't focus in the slightest.
