Teacher: “All right, this will be on the next test.”
Teacher: “In other words, free trade has these merits, but the reason why the WTO was established in the first place...”
Blaaah, blaaaah, blaaah.
I'm broke!
Money, money, money... The world is held together by money. You need money to do everything.
Plus, making a robot requires more cash than usual stuff. Be they giant or small, they both require tons of money...!
How can a lone high school girl like me ever come up with that kind of cash?!
Do you even know my monthly allowance?!
3,000 yen! Like, what?!
That can't cover all of my snacks, clothes, and skin care products! I mean, 3,000 yen for a senior is way too little!
Akiho: “Hahhh...”
I spin my pencil in my hand.
And this whole ROBO-ONE ultimatum the VP gave us wouldn't be an issue if it wasn't for me asking for an increase in budget.
But now I have to spend even more money to prepare a robot to enter ROBO-ONE. What was even the point?!
Maybe Kai's right. Maybe the vice principal just wants to shut down the Robotics Club.
But I don't wanna give up.
I actually see ROBO-ONE as a huge opportunity.
If we win, we can accept our budget with pride. Nobody'd talk smack about us anymore. They'd all come around to us.
That's why the most important thing right now is acquiring...
12,000 yen.
The money to buy parts.
But I've never gotten that kind of cash before. Not even for New Year's.
If I do somehow get an advance, I'd need my New Year's money and a few months of allowance...
At this point, I come to the realization that my brain is filled with nothing but thoughts of how to make cash.
Akiho: “Nnnnrrrrggh...!”
I bite down on my lip and put my head down on my desk.
My legs are kicking all over the place.
I wonder if this is how a CEO whose company is on the verge of collapse feels.
I wish I could just focus on my dream...
Teacher: “What's wrong, Senomiya? Are you feeling all right?”
Akiho: “I'm very fine, thanks!”
Teacher: “O-Okay...”
My anxiety grows stronger with each passing day.
