On the way back from TNSC.
After parting with Akiho, I end up coming to this park.
I'm feeling kinda sentimental, which is really out of character for me.
Must've been that dream this morning. Almost 10 years ago, when I watched a rocket launch from here...
Why am I remembering it now of all times?
Who am I kidding? I know why.
It's because Akiho talked about going to TNSC.
But I didn't come here to relive old memories.
I have one objective at the end of the day.
Kaito: “Start Kill-Ballad.”
Kaito: “All right!”
Kaito: “I didn't do half bad today. Didn't think I'd beat Tagirin.”
Kaito: “Dammit. Tagirin's so strong. Not to mention I think I lost focus a little.”
Kaito: “If only I could play without lag like in Tokyo. Then I might be a better match.”
Still, getting matched with TAGIRINGER at a time like this almost feels like the work of some mysterious force.
Like the god of fighting games or something.
It's thanks to that god's mechanisms that I end up remembering another scene from my past.
When Misa-nee was still a high schooler on the island.
About how I felt when I played games with her.
Not once did she ever show me any mercy. She just pummeled me into the ground.
I was only an elementary schooler at the time, too.
Talk about immature, right? Or maybe she just hated the very concept of losing.
But thanks to that, I ended up getting tough, making me into the player I am now.
Even now, Misa-nee is the barrier I'm trying to overcome.
Kaito: “Tagirin, huh...”
TAGIRINGER is presently ranked number four on the Kill-Ballad leaderboards.
I actually have a hypothesis about their true identity.
I figure it could be Misa-nee out in Tokyo.
I occasionally see some of Misa-nee's habits come through in their play.
Their handle is also mighty suspicious. TAGIRINGER might be a play on the Senomiya sisters' favorite phrase.
This would explain why they never use VC or reveal their identity. Misa-nee is super popular, after all.
Anyway, when I imagine Misa-nee quietly playing games like back in the day, it puts a smile on my face.
That said, I've never actually looked into this little theory of mine, and I don't plan on doing so.
And that's because it'd make me feel really lonesome if I found out it wasn't her.
It's more exciting to just enjoy my silly delusion in a vacuum.
Kaito: “...”
I suddenly sense someone's gaze and raise my face from the screen.
But there's nobody besides me in the park. It is late, after all.
It's quiet. The only sounds are those of chirping insects.
Kaito: “...!”
The message arrival sound suddenly rings out from my PokeCom.
It caught me off guard, causing me to panic for a moment.
Kaito: “Open message.”
Kaito: “This ‘Sister Centipede’ again?”
The message is all garbled.
The only readable text is the sender's name: Sister Centipede.
I've been getting these messages on occasion for a while now.
The weird thing about it is that I only ever get them when I'm in Uchugaoka Park.
I figure they must be some kind of prank or something.
But...
I do remember hearing something about this before.
Who did I hear it from? A classmate? An old lady in the neighborhood? Or was it some urban legend on the net?
Either way, this is how it goes.
Uchugaoka Park is haunted.
Kaito: “Huh?”
All of a sudden, my PokeCom screen distorts and freezes up.
It doesn't respond when I press the home button.
Kaito: “Wh-What the hell's going on?”
For some reason, I'm starting to feel uneasy.
Then...
...a strange noise starts playing from my PokeCom.
It's unpleasant. Hard on the ears.
The sound is enough to disturb my nerves.
Although the screen is still frozen, that sound continues to pour out of it.
I-Is it broken?
Or...
I try lightly hitting it, but it doesn't respond.
For reasons I can't explain, I look around me.
I get the chills and soon realize I have goosebumps.
Cut me some slack here!
Are you seriously saying that this is supernatural? Is this some kind of joke?
Plus, I can't even counterattack. They're cheesing me like crazy.
In an unwinnable battle like this, retreat is the only option.
And I'm not breaking any rules here. They're the one cheesing, not me.
I should ask Mizuka-san about ghost rumors the next time.
Kaito: “...!”
J-Just now!
I totally just saw something that looked humanoid!
The sound stops, and my PokeCom is responsive again. For some reason, ‘IRUO.’ is open.
It's at this very moment.
That something appears on screen.
“Can you hear me?”
Kaito: “Wha...”
A voice.
A person's voice...
It's already July, so it's not at all cold, but every hair on my body stands straight up as I shiver.
Time to go home. Time to go home right now!
