Subaru: “Please read this.”
Akiho: “‘Proposal for Making Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1 Move Properly.’”
Akiho: “What is this?”
Subaru: “It's a proposition that I put together.”
Four days after joining the club, Subaru finally visited the clubroom by his own will.
But as soon as he appeared, he gave me these notes.
Most people don't hand out stuff like this on paper these days, so I'm a little surprised.
Akiho: “Why do you seem so uptight?”
Akiho: “Now that you're here, you should try and relax.”
Akiho: “Want a Skal?”
Subaru: “I'm stunned you can remain so calm in a cramped shack like this.”
Cramped shack... Well, this place was a storage room once, so he's not that far off.
Akiho: “Hehe. Humans are creatures that can adapt to their environment.”
Akiho: “And anyway, we have a hangar for constructing GunBuild-1. The clubroom doesn't matter all that much.”
Subaru: “I see. That attitude of yours is proof that being a loser is ingrained in you. It's rather pitiable.”
Akiho: “Grrr.”
He always has to say things in the meanest way possible.
Subaru: “Well, I certainly have no intention of tagging along with such a tepid way of doing things.”
Subaru: “I care little about your position as an upperclassman or president. Keep that in mind as you read my proposal.”
Akiho: “Then when Kai gets here—”
Subaru: “30 minutes have already gone by, and he's nowhere to be found.”
Akiho: “Uugh...”
Akiho: “This is weird. Kai's never skipped club activities.”
Akiho: “Not that he ever helps when he is here, but...”
Seriously, where did he go? He vanished right after class yesterday, too.
He's not answering my calls or messages.
Nothing like this has ever happened before.
I'm feeling weird about this.
Maybe it's because we're always together.
Subaru: “...”
Ugh, the look Subaru's giving me just screams “Get on with it!”
Akiho: “Fine, fine. I'll read it already.”
Akiho: “Couldn't you have just sent it to me in an email?”
Subaru: “I don't know your email address.”
Akiho: “If you asked, I'd have told you.”
Subaru: “It's too much of a pain to have to ask you for things.”
Akiho: “Grrrr.”
I resist the urge to tell him off while I look over the proposal.
Let's see.
Subaru: “I'll explain it as you read.”
Akiho: “That'd be great.”
Now I don't actually have to read it!
Subaru: “To put it simply...”
Subaru: “It's a change to the design concept of Prototype Model-1.”
Akiho: “Wait, wait, wait. What do you mean by change?”
Subaru: “I looked over the blueprints you gave me yesterday. As I predicted, they're a relic of the past.”
Akiho: “...”
The way he puts it makes me really angry.
Akiho: “What am I supposed to do? The blueprints were drawn up nine years ago.”
Subaru: “Indeed. And in that sense, they're not bad for something a high schooler put together a decade ago. But that's all.”
Akiho: “It hasn't been a decade. It's been nine years.”
Subaru: “Giant robots a decade ago could only stand, at most moving their heads. Like the Gunbam in Odaiba.”
Subaru: “But times have changed. We're in the middle of a genuine robot boom now.”
Subaru: “Nations all over the world are pouring money into their own giant robot projects. That's the era we live in.”
Subaru: “It's during that very era that this Robotics Club of yours wants to brazenly participate in the Expo. Am I correct?”
Akiho: “Of course. And we're in it to win it! Jakiiin!”
Subaru: “Heh...”
Akiho: “Hey, you just laughed!”
Subaru: “A word of advice, if you will. Get your head out of the clouds.”
Akiho: “You're a jerk...”
Subaru: “I told you. It doesn't matter if you're an upperclassman or the club president, I don't care about status.”
Akiho: “...”
Subaru: “We can't win against robots being built on a national level. The funding, people involved: the scale is too different.”
Subaru: “Do you have any idea how much a giant robot... For example a Gunbam, would cost to seriously build?”
Akiho: “Um... Maybe around 10 million yen?”
Subaru: “This calculation was made about a decade ago, but the material cost alone would be around 80 billion yen.”
Akiho: “Oh...”
Subaru: “That said, Gunbam is too fantastical, so the robots being built worldwide are on a slightly lower budget.”
Subaru: “I still highly doubt any of them would be below 10 billion yen, though.”
Subaru: “Do you understand what the reality is now?”
Akiho: “Um... Yeah...”
Subaru: “By the way, about how much has been spent on Prototype Model-1 so far?”
Most of his exterior was constructed using reprocessed scrap the club got for free.
The only thing we've spent money on are the servomotors in the waist. With all that considered...
Akiho: “I think around one million yen total? Hehe.”
Akiho: “If we could immediately use the prize money from ROBO-ONE, we could double our development spending...”
But I'm trying not to think about that anymore.
If I do, I don't know if I'll be able to stop myself from busting down the door to the principal's office.
I'm not gonna let this get me down! Heck to the no!
Subaru: “There's no difference between one or two million yen at this level. It's all chump change in comparison.”
Akiho: “Agggh!”
Subaru's merciless words pierce my chest.
Subaru: “If you still insist on participating in the Expo, it needs to at least be capable of walking.”
Akiho: “He'll be able to walk according to the current design.”
Subaru: “Unfortunately, by my estimation, it won't.”
Akiho: “Huh, why not?!”
Subaru: “Because it hasn't been built according to the blueprints.”
Akiho: “Wait, huh, there's no way that's...”
Subaru: “Then let me ask. Can you say for sure that you've been building Prototype Model-1 according to design?”
Akiho: “O-Of course. We absolutely have.”
Subaru: “No, you haven't.”
Subaru pulls up the GunBuild-1 blueprints on his PokeCom, then shoves the screen right up to my nose.
Subaru: “What are all these additions?”
Akiho: “Those are improvements that previous Robotics Club members made.”
Subaru: “You mean downgrades?”
Akiho: “We had to get by with a lack of money and parts. Things've been tough, okay?”
Akiho: “And we can't always get materials of the size that we want.”
Akiho: “Plus, reprocessing them isn't easy.”
Akiho: “They said he was reworked to make use of the materials they got, so as to waste as little as possible.”
Akiho: “That's what my predecessor told me, and what their predecessor told them.”
Subaru: “So, to sum things up, Model-1 was not built according to the blueprints.”
Akiho: “Well, I guess not...”
Subaru: “Due to that, its form is all off. I feel sorry for both the designer and the robot.”
Akiho: “Urrrgh...”
Akiho: “Then if we just get rid of all the extra bits and return him back to the original—”
Subaru: “Can you really reverse it?”
Subaru: “Isn't Prototype Model-1 quite far into construction?”
Akiho: “About 70%.”
Subaru: “Then you're speaking nonsense.”
Argh!
Akiho: “Then what would you do, Subaru?!”
I'm clearly upset with him, but his expression stays the same.
Subaru: “The old blueprints, as well as what you have of Prototype Model-1...”
Subaru seems to purposely pause. He then pushes his glasses up with a finger.
Subaru: “They should be discarded.”
Akiho: “Wha...?!”
I doubt my ears. I can't believe it.
I never thought for a moment that he would say those words.
Akiho: “How can you just say something like that like it's no big deal?!”
Akiho: “We only just managed to avoid having him scrapped by the vice principal!”
Akiho: “Wait, don't tell me you're actually working for her?!”
Subaru: “Hmph, if it makes you feel better, feel free to think that.”
He laughed at me again.
Subaru: “After our discussion, you should understand that starting from square one is the fastest option.”
What discussion? Subaru's just been going on and on about his own ideas.
Subaru: “I'll handle the design work.”
Subaru: “Anything unnecessary to the design will be removed in their entirety.”
Subaru: “I wrote the details in the proposal, but there are two major points.”
Subaru: “One. The cockpit is to be removed. Remote operation is the norm, so having an operator inside is irrational.”
Akiho: “Hold it, stoooop! Are you seriously getting rid of the cockpit?! Are you out of your mind?!”
Akiho: “Even in the original Gunvarrel, Genki-kun piloted from inside of him!”
Akiho: “Giant robots are meant to be piloted from within!”
Subaru: “So, you reject the very existence of Megantor, then?”
Akiho: “That's not what I meant...”
Subaru: “Besides, I'm ultimately against using Gunvarrel as the model for this project.”
Subaru: “If you're going to model it after something, make it a more realistic and reproducible machine.”
Subaru: “The Cartrooper is full of design holes.”
Akiho: “It's not Cartrooper, it's Ka-Trooper.”
Subaru couldn't care less about my correction.
Subaru: “Regardless. It's meaningless either way.”
Akiho: “Wh-What do you mean?”
Subaru: “Proposition number two is the complete removal of the exterior.”
Akiho: “The exterior... You mean the armor?!”
I never even considered that. Why? Because it's a terrible idea.
Subaru: “Even at the blueprint stage, Prototype Model-1 hasn't cleared the problem that is its overall weight.”
Subaru: “The construction done on it so far has made the legs thicker than in the blueprint. Just having it stand still will be a struggle.”
Subaru: “To make this thing walk, it requires a massive weight reduction. Its exterior is currently the most useless part.”
Akiho: “But without the armor, he'll just be a skeleton.”
Akiho: “Nobody would be able to tell that he's Gunvarrel. How lame would that be?”
Subaru: “This isn't about looking cool or lame. If it can't move, it's just a lump of metal junk.”
Akiho: “But if there's no armor or cockpit, there's no point in even making the upper body!”
If the cockpit was removed from GunBuild-1, it'd be no better than papier-mâché. The inside would be hollow.
Akiho: “And it'd reduce his defense...”
Subaru: “What are you talking about?”
Akiho: “You know, defense! Like armor and stuff.”
Subaru: “Who or what are you intending on fighting?”
Subaru: “Do you think giant robots fight at the Expo like in ROBO-ONE?”
Hearing him say it out loud is the first time it actually dawns on me.
I've been working on GunBuild-1 for over two years now.
To think it took me this long to realize it.
Akiho: “Oh, right. It's not fighting anything.”
The Expo only has demos. While there are no set rules for the content of said demos... I doubt fighting is allowed.
Subaru: “You clearly watch too much anime. Aren't you older than me? How sad.”
Akiho: “Excuuuse me?!”
Akiho: “The very nature of a giant robot of justice is to fight! They exist to defeat evil!”
Akiho: “A giant robot that doesn't fight is just a giant robot!”
Subaru: “Heh...”
Akiho: “You laughed at me. Again!”
Subaru: “Justice is relative. And besides, such values mean nothing in terms of current giant robot development.”
Subaru: “Or are you saying the earth is in danger of being destroyed by evil aliens or some mad scientist?”
Subaru: “Search as you might, but you'll never find such anime-esque plot developments in the real world.”
Subaru: “The Expo is purely a competition based around development. Spare no expenses to utilize cutting edge tech.”
Akiho: “But, uh, well...”
Akiho: “I'm not that fixated on the whole justice thing, it's just...”
Truth be told, it's simply because Big Sis modeled it after Gunvarrel. That's all.
Gunvarrel is a giant robot of justice. So if we were to build Gunvarrel...
That'd mean the Robotics Club is building a giant robot of justice by extension.
Akiho: “Justice is all about, uh, a feeling. Yeah, a feeling! Hehe.”
Subaru: “Either way, justice or not, there is no fighting at the Expo.”
Subaru: “If your idea of what giant robots are is that childish, you should disband the Robotics Club immediately.”
Subaru: “If you make such assertions at the Expo venue, you'll be the laughing stock of the world.”
Subaru shrugs his shoulders and grins at me.
Grrr. This punk is basically an anime villain.
I knew he was hard to handle, but I didn't think he'd be this much of a jerkface.
Subaru: “By the way, the 70% complete Prototype Model-1 is to be disassembled.”
Subaru: “Most of the parts can be reused, so that'll help cover the lack of funding.”
Akiho: “...”
I take a deep breath and hand the proposal back to Subaru.
Akiho: “Unacceptable.”
Subaru: “Even after everything I've said?”
Akiho: “I told you. Unacceptable. That's that.”
Subaru: “You really intend to bring that defective Prototype Model-1 to the Expo? The same one that can't even walk?”
Akiho: “Don't say it like that!”
Before I realize it myself, I've snapped.
It felt like he was making fun of Big Sis, so I couldn't take it anymore.
Akiho: “Don't be so heartless...”
It's so frustrating that it almost makes me cry, but I resist the urge.
Akiho: “GunBuild-1 is something every member of the Robotics Club worked their hardest to slowly build over the years.”
Akiho: “It's the history of the Robotics Club itself.”
Akiho: “How could you expect me to just casually throw all that away? I can't.”
Akiho: “I want to bring that kid to the Expo.”
Akiho: “Because he's filled with the emotions of everyone who gave it their best to build him throughout these nine years, starting with Big Sis. He's the crystallization of their efforts.”
Akiho: “So yeah, I reject everything you just said.”
Subaru: “This is nonsense...”
Akiho: “I don't give a damn if it is.”
Akiho: “Those are the club president's orders.”
I stare him in the eyes and declare this clearly and concisely.
After giving me a cold look for a moment, Subaru shrugs his shoulders slightly.
Subaru: “In that case, I have nothing further to say.”
Subaru: “I would've been better off just handing you my club withdrawal notice instead, like I originally planned.”
Akiho: “Huh? You can't quit.”
Subaru: “I won't. If I did, Yashio-senpai would reveal my secret identity, right?”
Akiho: “Oh, y-yeah. That's exactly right.”
Subaru: “I'll be staying in the club. Just keep in mind that I did my bare minimum as a member just now with that proposal.”
With that, Subaru turns his back to me.
Subaru: “I'll be doing as I wish now. I don't plan on assisting you in any way.”
Subaru: “Now if you'll excuse me.”
Akiho: “...”
Subaru coldly spits out his final words and leaves.
I head to Kai's spot in the shade of the tree and space out while staring at the blueprints that Big Sis drew up.
Akiho: “I can't throw it all away...”
I joined the Robotics Club precisely because these blueprints and GunBuild-1 were here.
He's one of the few things that Big Sis left behind on the island. Proof that she was once here.
I could never get rid of that.
