Kaito: “Hey.”
I attempt to shower Mizuka-san with the usual flattery once I enter the store, but there's no one at the register.
Where could she be?
Mizuka: “Welcome!”
I hear Mizuka-san's voice coming from deeper in the store.
I take a peek and see her sitting on a step, doing maintenance on her HUG.
Kaito: “Yo.”
Mizuka: “Oh, it's just you, Kai.”
Kaito: “Looking beautiful as always.”
Mizuka: “Hmph.”
Kaito: “Doing HUG maintenance?”
Mizuka: “Yep.”
Been a while since I last saw Mizuka-san with her HUG off.
The Crash of '15. A fierce solar storm that caused global scale malfunctions and signal interference.
That was when Mizuka-san was in a traffic accident. Her legs were badly injured, so Misa-nee gifted her this HUG after she joined ExCo..
Mizuka: “I might be bad with machines, but I need to at least do this myself.”
Mizuka: “That said, all I really need to do is oil the servomotors, tighten some screws, and wipe the surface clean.”
Kaito: “I always thought it was strange. Can't someone from ExCo handle that for you?”
Mizuka: “There is a HUG engineer assigned to me, more or less.”
Mizuka: “But this island doesn't have an official dealership. They come from Kagoshima once a month.”
Kaito: “Such is the life of us island dwellers, am I right?”
Mizuka: “Bingo.”
Kaito: “Ever consider having a local workshop take a look at it?”
Mizuka: “Not possible.”
Mizuka: “HUGs are like black boxes. You sign a contract at purchase that says only HUG engineers can do maintenance on them.”
Kaito: “Huh.”
Mizuka: “And the maintenance fees are stupidly high.”
Honestly, sounds kinda like a rip-off.
I don't wanna say this since Misa-nee works there, but I bet those tactics are part of the reason why ExCo got big so quick.
Kaito: “Adults sure do play dirty.”
Mizuka: “Hahaha, as if you've got a clue.”
She smirks at me.
Anyway, that's enough preamble.
Kaito: “Mizuka-san, can I get one of the usual?”
Mizuka-san's eyes sharply narrow the second I make my request.
They're the eyes of a predator that has spotted their prey!
Mizuka: “I'm a bit tied up right now, so grab it yourself.”
I steel my resolve, and take one passion fruit bun out of the steamer next to the register.
As usual, it's warmed and steamed just right.
Kaito: “Here goooes!”
Kaito: “Grghh... Huu.... Urp...”
...
...
...
Kaito: “Ugh... Hahh... Hahh...”
I wipe my tears away once it's all down the hatch.
I can feel my stomach acids trying to come up my throat, but I keep everything down as much as I can.
Mizuka: “Delicious, right?”
Kaito: “N-No comment...”
Mizuka-san finished her HUG tuning while I experienced hell. She effortlessly reattaches it to her legs.
Mizuka: “So, Kai. Whatcha wanna know this time?”
I gulp down mineral water in an attempt to get rid of that horrific aftertaste. I breathe deep, rearranging my thoughts.
Let's start with a light jab.
Kaito: “Could you introduce me to any people or companies that might be willing to sponsor the Robotics Club?”
Yesterday, Akiho was grieving over the fact that we can't use our prize money.
So, I figured I should ask while I'm here.
Mizuka: “The club didn't get disbanded, right?”
Kaito: “It narrowly escaped with its life, but they aren't funding us, and the ROBO-ONE prize money is on hold.”
Mizuka: “If it's not one thing, it's another when it comes to you, Kai.”
Mizuka: “Well, your fastest option is gonna be...”
A name escapes Mizuka-san's lips that I wasn't at all expecting.
Mizuka: “Mitchie. Consider asking him?”
Kaito: “That broke dude who only ever buys protein? He'd never cough up the cash.”
Mizuka: “While he might live in poverty, his uncle is the president of some big company.”
Kaito: “Wait, seriously?”
This is news to my ears.
Mizuka: “He's a bit quirky, but if you win him over, he might give you some money.”
Mitchie's uncle... I can't even imagine what sort of person we're dealing with.
Actually, I'm not sure I want to meet him.
Granted, I wouldn't be the negotiator here. This one'd be on Akiho.
Mizuka: “I'll poke around for others willing to sponsor you. Unfortunately, I doubt I'll find very many in this time of recession.”
Kaito: “Appreciated nonetheless.”
Now... for the real deal.
Kaito: “All right, now for the real reason I'm here.”
Mizuka: “More questions? You know the deal.”
Mizuka-san's eyes point to the steamer.
I recall the taste from a few moments ago and once again feel my stomach juices trying to push their way up.
Kaito: “Urp...”
I feel like throwing up, but desperately hold it back. Consider it my way of showing that two a day is impossible.
Mizuka: “Fine, fine. You're off the hook this time. So what is it?”
Kaito: “Tell me any rumors you've heard about ghosts appearing in Uchugaoka.”
Mizuka: “There are ghosts there?”
Kaito: “That's what I'm trying to figure out.”
Mizuka: “I'm not really sure what to tell you. Stuff like that is out of my wheelhouse.”
Mizuka: “But I do know a kid who knows way more about the occult and urban legends than me. Interested?”
Kaito: “You're a lifesaver. Who is it?”
Mizuka: “I actually directed you to her for a different request. Daitoku Junna.”
Kaito: “For real?”
Yet another unexpected name pops up.
I guess she isn't just a karate girl.
Mizuka: “She's kind of a maniac when it comes to ghost stuff.”
Hm... This'll be a pain, but it sounds worth giving a shot.
Uchugaoka Park is an important place to me. There's nowhere else I can go to really focus on gaming.
That's right. This is a battle to protect the place where I play Kill-Ballad.
Or so I say to myself in an attempt to work up some enthusiasm.
