The company is located in the heart of Nishinoomote-shi, Tanegashima's most prosperous locale.
That said, it's up north, and people like me who live down south rarely go that far up.
There are lots of buildings and cars, plus plenty of people walking along the streets.
It even has multi-floor buildings.
Among them, this conspicuously tall building is the Space Candy Company headquarters.
Eight whole floors!
Akiho: “I definitely didn't expect Mitchie's uncle to be the president of Space Candy.”
If Kai knew, he'd probably be overjoyed.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, Little Senomiya. The Nagafukada family contributes a lot to Tanegashima. That's a pro tip.”
Akiho: “It sure doesn't seem like you do much contributing.”
Mitsuhiko: “Hey! Of course I do! I provide a magnificent education to the youth of this island!”
I shrug in response to his empty claim and look back up at the building.
The only place you can find tall buildings like this is in Nishinoomote.
Heck, this has gotta be one of the top five tallest buildings on the island.
I look up for too long and my neck starts hurting.
Space Candy's exclusive to Tanegashima, so I figured it didn't sell all that well. I guess I was wrong?
It's so overwhelming that I'm finding it hard to go inside.
But after getting such a juicy tip from Kai, I can't let it go to waste!
Kaito: “I hear Mitchie's relative is the president of a company.”
After hearing that from Kai yesterday, I immediately interrogated Mitchie and found out it was true.
When I asked for an introduction, he easily gave the OK. Maybe he felt obligated or something.
Nonetheless, I can't believe Space Candy is this big.
Mitsuhiko: “How long are you going to stand there? Let's go.”
Akiho: “Maybe I should have come in my school uniform...”
Mitsuhiko: “Uncle isn't the kind of guy who cares about what people wear. I wouldn't worry about it.”
Mitchie, wearing his usual combo of a track suit and sandals, strolls into the building.
Is he fearless, or just shameless?
Or maybe it doesn't matter because he's family.
Either way, I don't want to be seen with him.
When we're let into the president's office, he immediately greets us. To be honest, he looks like a comedian.
My first impression is that he's gaudy as heck, but looks like a nice guy.
President: “Oooh! Welcome, Mitsuhiko!”
Mitsuhiko: “Uncle!”
The president and Mitchie share a spirited handshake the moment they meet, then hug.
Mitsuhiko: “Long time no see! Not since Youko's wedding in April, right?”
President: “What are you talking about? We saw each other at Granny Matsu's funeral last month!”
Mitsuhiko: “Oooh! That's right!”
Akiho: “Snirk... Their eyebrows...”
Seeing him lined up next to Mitchie really emphasizes how much they look alike.
Even though they're not father and son, or brothers at that.
Do uncles and their nephews really look this similar?
Plus, how many people are even in the Nagafukada family?
I'm sort of curious, but not enough to actually ask.
Mitsuhiko: “Little Senomiya, let me introduce you to my uncle, the president of Space Candy, Uncle Sumio.”
President: “It's a pleasure to meet you, young lady!”
Akiho: “Ah, I-I'm Senomiya. Nice to meet you, too.”
Sumio: “So, you've got cute students like her now, eh? Don't be getting all hot and bothered in class, now. Gahahahah!”
Mitsuhiko: “If I was attracted to brats like this, I could never be a teacher! Wahahahah!”
Akiho: “...”
The Nagafukada family sucks.
Disillusioned, I glance around the office.
Not only is the president himself gaudy as heck, so is his office.
It's like a room straight out of a manga.
The decor is... not great.
Oh, and for some reason, there's a loose bird flying around in here.
Is that a parakeet?
Wait, hold it, hold it.
Don't get distracted by the parakeet, Akiho.
I came here to discuss business.
I slap my cheeks to psych myself up.
Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Jakiiin!
I shout the Gunvarrel catchphrase in my mind.
Parakeet: “Boing-chan! Boing-chan!”
Akiho: “...?”
Er, what's that supposed to mean?
Some sorta dialect thing?
Sumio: “Gahahah! Looks like you got old Taro excited too, young lady!”
Mitsuhiko: “No way, Uncle. Look at her. Ain't no boingin' happening there!”
Sumio: “Right! Gahahah!”
I'm not quite sure what they're getting at, but for some reason I find myself annoyed.
Akiho: “And so, I'd love for you to consider sponsoring our Robotics Club.”
Sumio: “Booooring.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
After I spent 15 minutes doing my best to explain the club's history and ideals while Mitchie just played with a parakeet, that's it?
Sumio: “Your name is Akiho-chan, right? That was all so dull.”
Akiho: “How am I supposed to make an explanation fun?”
Sumio: “No, no. You've got it all wrong. You just have to be like ‘This is what I want!’ and go all out.”
Sumio: “You've gotta take advantage of that youth of yours!”
Taro: “Boing-chan! Boing-chan bouncy wouncy!”
Could someone please shut that parakeet up? ARGH.
Mitchie, stop laughing and do something!
Sumio: “There wasn't enough impact, you get me?”
Sumio: “Come back when you've prepared something a little more explosive.”
Akiho: “Wha...”
Did I just get turned away?
Man, the real world is rough.
Akiho: “...”
No, Akiho, no! Don't let it get to you.
Remember, my saving grace is my endless optimism.
Akiho: “So, I can come back?”
Sumio: “Yup. I'll be waiting. To be young is to explode with energy! That's what I'm looking for from you!”
Akiho: “Got it! I'll bring an explosion of spirit and make a huge impact on you next time.”
So, while our first meeting didn't end in success, it ended with a glimmer of hope.
Sometimes you gotta look at the silver lining.
Akiho: “By the way, what's with the whole ‘boing-chan’ thing?”
Mitsuhiko: “Wha? You don't know, Little Senomiya? How pure of you.”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up. ‘Boing-chan’ refers to a woman's big breasts bouncin'. This'll be on the exam.”
Akiho: “Wha...”
Mitsuhiko: “Don't you agree that the phrase ‘Boing boing’ rolls off the tongue?”
Sumio: “Gahaha! Mitsuhiko, you're gonna get sued for sexual harassment!”
Mitsuhiko: “Taro's the one who has to watch out for lawsuits! Hahahaha!”
Akiho: “...”
Special attack! Gunval Blow! Shizoozoom!
