Summer's finally here, yet the beach is deserted.
Locals rarely visit Chikura Cavern, but I could have sworn that it was at least a popular tourist destination.
There's a cave that you can go inside when the tide is low and everything.
I came here when I was a kid. I remember getting all hyper over how nice and cool it was.
Maybe there'll be more tourists once summer break kicks off.
...But I kind of doubt it.
The sounds of the crashing waves are all that fill the air of this silent beach.
There aren't any street lights nearby, so it gets pitch black at night.
I wouldn't be surprised if a ghost showed up here.
I feel like all the hairs on my body are standing on end, but let's pretend that's because of the cool sea breeze.
All I can confirm for sure is that I can't hear the buzzing noise.
I take my PokeCom out and try playing Kill-Ballad just to see if anything weird happens again, but nope.
I suppose it's not just gonna pop up whenever it's convenient for me.
On the flip side, it'd be a problem if it did show up that easily.
As for Daitoku-san, she's staring at a large, black mass on the beach.
Kaito: “What is that?”
Junna: “Um, a whale... corpse.”
Junna: “There've been a bunch of these, lately. All, um... washed up on the beach like this one.”
Junna: “Not too long ago, there were, um... 14 of them all washed up at once.”
Wait, I think I remember Mom mentioning this a while back...
I don't usually watch the local news.
I just read up on the latest trends in Tokyo once in a while using Twipo, but only because my political econ teacher suggested it.
Megalith-sensei (their nickname) said it'd be useful for entrance exams, but I only really do it when I remember to.
Just then, I sense that something's off.
Was the sand around here always this red?
Is it the whale's blood?
Junna: “It's not just the whales. Lately, all sorts of weird stuff has been happening on the island.”
Junna: “There's been more than just the buzzing noise and the ghost rumors.”
Kaito: “Such as?”
Junna: “The one that stands out the most is, um... the mass death of a bunch of animals.”
Junna: “There've been a lot since the start of the year. For example...”
Junna: “Do you remember that story about the huge number of bird corpses raining from the sky?”
Kaito: “Hmmm, I don't actually.”
Junna: “It was a huge deal on the island. It happened back in March.”
Junna: “Um... They said thousands of birds suddenly fell out of the sky... all at the same time.”
Junna: “The airport was temporarily put out of service because of it.”
Dad never told me anything about that...
Junna: “Fortunately, it didn't happen in a residential area, so nobody got hurt.”
Junna: “Th-There are images of it... Wanna see?”
Kaito: “Are they gross?”
Junna: “Um... Yeah.”
Kaito: “I'll pass.”
She looks fainthearted, but is Daitoku-san the type who's totally fine seeing nasty stuff like that?
Kaito: “Anything besides the birds?”
Junna: “Yeah...”
Junna: “Um... Thousands of earthworms were found dried up and dead on the ground...”
Junna: “It wasn't raining the day before, either. That's why Miyata-sensei said it was impossible.”
Miyata-sensei is our school's biology teacher.
Junna: “But the frogs... were even crazier...”
Junna: “Hundreds of frogs were found dead... and, um... they looked like their bodies had exploded from the inside out....”
Kaito: “They exploded? What the heck does that mean?”
Junna: “Um, exactly what it sounds like. Their bellies exploded... Apparently, it was really awful... The smell and stuff.”
Kaito: “Was that also this year?”
Junna: “Yeah.”
Junna: “And then finally, the mass whale suicide.”
I once again glance at the carcass on the beach.
If I was any closer, I'm sure it'd smell rotten.
Junna: “But it's not just the whales. A bunch of dolphins have been killing themselves, too.”
Junna: “There have also been way more Nomura's jellyfish spawning than in previous years.”
Junna: “Until this year, they'd drift up to Hokkaido, but right now they're ending up in Amami and Okinawa since they're dying so fast.”
Huh, then I guess there really are strange things happening across the island.
I haven't been paying any attention to this stuff.
Kaito: “Hrm, but I'm sure there must be a scientific explanation for all of that, right?”
Junna: “I wonder... But there are theories.”
Junna: “I read on the internet that even scholars and professors are having a hard time figuring out the cause.”
Kaito: “This stuff doesn't really strike me as urban legend material.”
Or maybe I still don't get where the line is drawn.
Kaito: “For example, is there anything aside from mass animal deaths?”
Junna: “Um...”
Daitoku-san looks out toward the horizon, lost in thought.
Junna: “Appo Land.”
Junna: “In February, the water color in the dam reservoir there suddenly turned fluorescent.”
Junna: “Not once, but three different times.”
Junna: “Ah, there's pictures of it, too. It was on the news...”
Junna: “This one isn't gross or anything, so you can look at it, Yashio-kun.”
Daitoku-san excitedly takes out her PokeCom and starts operating it.
Junna: “Here. It was like this.”
The image displayed on screen indeed shows the lake fluorescently colored.
Kaito: “I feel like I learned about this in grade school science class. Red tide, right? Or is it because of pollution?”
Junna: “Um, red tides happen in the ocean... You don't see things like this happen in dam reservoirs.”
Junna: “And there's no industrial waste facility or anything near Appo Land.”
Junna: “So, it couldn't have been because of pollution, either.”
Junna: “It'd always clear up in about two hours, so there was no time to research the water.”
Junna: “And all the fish inside would be dead.”
I see...
Junna: “There are rumors that this is another secret experiment that JAXA is conducting.”
Kaito: “Oh come on, there's no way. People are just trying to force connections because TNSC is on the island.”
What an unreal conspiracy theory.
Kaito: “It's probably another environmental issue.”
Kaito: “Actually, that reminds me. According to the news, this past winter in Russia was as hot as the middle of summer.”
Kaito: “There's abnormal weather happening all over the world.”
Junna: “Oh, yeah. That's right.”
Junna: “On the west coast of America, I hear it's snowing even though it's summer.”
Junna: “And some of the Nazca Lines got washed away by heavy rains.”
I definitely remember seeing that one on the news.
Junna: “This abnormal weather is similar to the weather that was recorded back in 2012 and 2015.”
Kaito: “Is there some kind of relation?”
Junna: “I don't know...”
Kaito: “Hrm. This doesn't really seem like urban legend material, to be honest.”
Junna: “Oh, um, I'm sorry...”
Kaito: “No need to apologize. Just tell me anything else you got that sounds more urban legend-ish.”
Junna: “Urban legend-ish... urban legend-ish...”
Daitoku-san presses both index fingers against her temples and starts mumbling to herself.
Has she exhausted her supply?
Junna: “Oh, right.”
Junna: “Have you heard about the ‘MF Anemone’ ferry incident?”
Kaito: “...”
So, we're really gonna do this, huh?
I click my tongue softly so that Daitoku-san doesn't notice.
I suppose if someone's an urban legend maniac, it'd make sense for them to be interested in that still-unexplained incident.
Junna: “They call it the ‘MF Anemone Mass Fainting Incident.’ All of the crew and passengers lost consciousness, and—”
Kaito: “Ah, yeah, I know all about that.”
I cut her off, and she looks at me with a surprised expression on her face.
Junna: “U-Um, are you angry?”
I shrug a little.
Kaito: “Thanks a lot for today. You've given me a lot to think about.”
Junna: “Oh, sure, you're welcome.”
Junna: “...”
Daitoku-san clearly wants to say something, but she stays quiet.
I appreciate you picking up that I don't wanna talk anymore.
I take a bottle of Fruit Sour Melon out of the convenience store bag I'm holding.
I bought it from the shop at the entrance of the beach.
How do they stay in business in a place with so few visitors?
Kaito: “Here, this is my thanks for hanging out with me today.”
I toss the bottle of Fruit Sour Strawberry I also bought to Daitoku-san.
Junna: “Whoa, whoa!”
Daitoku-san tries to catch it, but ends up dropping it on the ground. It's covered in sand.
Kaito: “Not much of a catcher, eh? We can trade if you want.”
Junna: “Um, it'll be fine if I wipe the sand off. Thanks...”
The two of us sit down on the hot sand and take a breather.
The sea breeze makes my skin feel sticky. It's irritating.
The horizon slowly gets dyed indigo blue.
Sunset is getting close.
Junna: “...”
Daitoku-san is sucking as hard as she can on the straw.
She really does look like a little boy.
If nothing else, she certainly doesn't look like a classmate my age.
Kaito: “How'd exams go?”
Junna: “Badly.”
Junna: “I had a karate tournament right before, so I barely studied.”
Junna: “I failed one of the tests...”
Kaito: “Just one? I'd say you're still in the clear.”
Things were a disaster for me and Akiho.
I've never had to take supplementary exams for five subjects before.
Kaito: “When you say karate tournament, do you mean the Interhigh?”
Junna: “N-No, not at all. I could never enter Interhigh.”
Junna: “Um, it was just the first qualifiers for the Nationals.”
Kaito: “Hmm. How'd that go?”
Junna: “Um, ah, hm...”
Daitoku-san's smile looks forced, like she's about to cry.
Junna: “It's over.”
Kaito: “Huh. How'd you fare?”
If you get decent results in a tourney like that, our school has a custom where the VP holds an assembly to praise you.
That said, the Robotics Club's ROBO-ONE performance got completely ignored. Typical.
But back to Daitoku-san.
I don't remember any assemblies like that for her, which means...
Junna: “It was... the same as always. I got eliminated in the first match.”
Kaito: “Huh. You got eliminated in the first match of the qualifiers? Are you on the weaker side, Daitoku-san?”
Junna: “Y-Yeah. There's no question about it, I'm weak...”
Junna: “It was barely even a match...”
Junna: “It's been the same for three years... I haven't improved at all. I'm so weak that I can't do anything at all.”
She forces out a smile.
Her voice sounds like it's trembling a little, so this must be painful for her to admit.
Kaito: “Since it's summer and you're a third year, you're done with club, right?”
Junna: “Yeah.”
Kaito: “What are you going to do now? Planning to go to university?”
Junna: “Yeah, for now at least. But I'm not going to do karate anymore. I'm weak, after all...”
Junna: “I'll probably just do it once in a while at my home dojo, as a hobby.”
Oh, right. Her family runs a karate dojo.
Kaito: “You seem kinda lonesome.”
Junna: “Huh? Ah...”
Daitoku-san flashes me a surprised look before turning her gaze to edge of the water.
Junna: “You might be right... It's just, I've been doing karate for as long as I remember.”
Junna: “It's... like a hole has been poked into my heart.”
Junna: “Oh, but talking to you about urban legends today was kind of... No, it was a really nice change of pace.”
Junna: “Thanks for inviting me.”
Daitoku-san smiles brightly at me, then turns her attention back to sipping her drink.
I'm struck by a brilliant idea.
A way to further enhance my comfortable gaming life.
Kaito: “I bet you've got a lot of free time nowadays.”
Junna: “N-Not really? I have to study for entrance exams from now on.”
Kaito: “Study for entrance exams...”
Thanks a lot for dragging me back to reality.
It doesn't take long for me to brush that aside yet again.
I'm quick when it comes to changing gears, after all.
Kaito: “Ever consider joining the Robotics Club, Daitoku-san?”
Junna: “Huh?”
Kaito: “Our little club is suffering from a lack of hands. Even one new member would make a huge difference.”
It'd progress things, plus it'd reduce the chances of Akiho making me help out. Hmm, in retrospect, that's a pretty backward way of thinking, isn't it? Ahah.
Junna: “Um...”
Daitoku-san looks perplexed.
Not that I can blame her.
Junna: “You do know I'm a third year, right?”
Kaito: “Same as me and Aki-chan.”
Junna: “That's true, but... Wh-Why me?”
Kaito: “Because it looks like you've got free time.”
Junna: “B-But I don't!”
Junna: “And I don't know anything about robots...”
Kaito: “Neither do I, and I've been in the club for two years.”
Junna: “Wait, really?”
Kaito: “Really. So I wouldn't overthink things too much.”
Junna: “...”
Daitoku-san lowers her head.
Junna: “But, um... I'm not really great with robots...”
What's that supposed to mean?
How can you be bad with robots?
Eh, she's probably just saying that to be polite. She's trying to refuse, but ended up with a bizarre excuse.
Kaito: “So, you're basically saying that you don't wanna associate with those of us at the Robotics Club, huh?”
Junna: “I-I didn't say that.”
Junna: “I just can't really handle them...”
Kaito: “That's not really something you hear often...”
Junna: “Y-You know Grandpa Fujita, right?”
Kaito: “Of course. He's your relative, right?”
Junna: “Yeah.”
Junna: “I told Senomiya-san the other day, but...”
Junna: “I can't handle Grandpa Fujita either...”
Junna: “In my mind, my struggling with Grandpa Fujita and my inability to handle robots go hand in hand.”
Kaito: “Hand in hand? Wait, don't tell me Doc is a robot or something.”
Junna: “...?”
Daitoku-san stares blankly at me after my attempt at a joke. Meh, I thought it was funny.
Kaito: “Er, never mind. Keep going.”
Junna: “O-Okay. Anyway, um, it was around the time I entered elementary school.”
Junna: “Grandpa... Oh, I don't mean Grandpa Fujita, I mean my grandpa on the Daitoku side of the family...”
Junna: “Grandpa took me to play at that store all the time.”
Junna: “One day, I tried exploring the Robot Clinic by myself.”
Junna: “I ended up wandering into some kind of storehouse...”
This is the point when Akiho would get all fired up and yell, “You mean a secret base?!” or something.
Junna: “And then, um...”
Junna: “I saw them.”
Like a ghost?
Junna: “Lots of robots.”
Junna: “Lots of adult-sized robots just lined up in that cramped little storehouse.”
Kaito: “That many? I don't recall the Robot Clinic having a bunch of adult-sized robots...”
Junna: “They weren't for sale. Um, I heard later that they were basically Grandpa Fujita's personal collection.”
Junna: “I guess he keeps them tucked away in the back of the storehouse.”
I've never been back there before.
Even a regular like Akiho probably hasn't.
Junna: “As a little kid, it was really traumatizing.”
Junna: “I still see them in my dreams.”
I bet. Sounds like some real trauma.
Junna: “How can I describe them... They had really old designs, you know?”
Junna: “Most people would probably say they had really charming faces and stuff, but...”
Junna: “I was really scared.”
Junna: “They were expressionless. They didn't even look human. They had faces, but they also didn't, if that makes any sense.”
Junna: “So... That's why I panicked...”
Junna: “I don't remember the details, but I know I broke one of the robots.”
Junna: “Grandpa Fujita got really mad at me...”
Junna: “After that, I never went back to the store.”
Junna: “That's why even now, I can't really talk to him properly.”
Junna: “Plus, I'm still... a little scared of robots...”
Junna: “Anyway, that's my story.”
Daitoku-san starts squirming again. She looks like she sincerely wants to turn down my invitation.
I can tell that she's not that great at standing up for herself.
Kaito: “But that's when it comes to life-size robots, right?”
Kaito: “What about giant robots or toy-sized ones?”
Junna: “U-Um...”
Daitoku-san thinks it over.
Junna: “I don't know. I don't look at robots very often, after all.”
Kaito: “Right? So, you might end up being totally okay.”
Kaito: “Come and visit the clubroom someday. I'm sure Aki-chan would be thrilled.”
Junna: “Ah, okay... I'll think about it.”
Junna: “Thanks for the invite.”
I definitely didn't do anything worth being thanked for.
This was all for my own sake.
After making sure Daitoku-san couldn't see me, I let a slightly sinister grin stretch across my face.
