Intense sunlight roasts the asphalt.
I can't lie on the runway at this time of year, so I take refuge under a parasol.
The old airport doesn't have much shade, nor does it have any modern conveniences like an AC or fans.
This place sucks during the summer and winter.
I complain, but it's not like I can leave Akiho by herself, so I have no choice but to tag along.
I've been busy with ghost stuff as of late, so I feel like it's been a while since I hung with Akiho after school.
Speaking of Akiho, she's focused on cleaning the hangar since Mitchie'll be arriving soon with parts (scrap) in tow.
As for me? I refused to help when asked, so here I am kicking ass and taking names in Kill-Ballad.
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai.”
Kaito: “Hm?”
I raise my head, and Subaru is standing before my eyes. I didn't even notice he was here.
Sorry, but I was too focused on humiliating a cheap bastard who wouldn't stop turtling.
Kaito: “How rare of you to call out to me, Pleiades-kun.”
Kaito: “Want a Skal? Aki-chan bought enough for the both of us.”
Kaito: “Oh, but it's been a while, so it might be warm. You took too long to get here.”
Needless to say, the hangar lacks a fridge.
And anyway, there's no electricity, so it'd be useless.
Subaru: “Please stop calling me ‘Pleiades’. What if someone heard you?”
Kaito: “It's just me and Aki-chan here. Nobody's listening in.”
Subaru: “Ugh.”
Subaru clearly looks irritated.
Kaito: “More importantly, Aki-chan was grumbling earlier about not forgiving you for slacking.”
Subaru: “I already declared to the Prez that I'll be doing as I please.”
He declared, eh?
Kaito: “And what's that supposed to mean?”
Subaru: “I actually have a request for you regarding that very subject.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Wait? Me?”
For a moment, I struggle to comprehend what he's saying.
Kaito: “I figured I was off your radar entirely.”
Akiho's really the only one who interacted with him before he joined the club.
Though I guess I'm the asshole who threatened him into joining in the first place.
Subaru: “You were. I didn't even know your name until last week, Yashio-senpai.”
Subaru: “Indeed... Until last week.”
Even though we've bumped into each other a ton. Oops.
Kaito: “So what, you're pissed I forced you to join? People usually hate when other people are stubborn like that. Take Aki-chan for example.”
Subaru: “I don't care about the particulars of joining the club.”
Kaito: “You don't care?!”
So, this isn't about settling a grudge?
Kaito: “Then what is it?”
Subaru: “This is about the fighting style you used during ROBO-ONE.”
Kaito: “Ah, that.”
Eh, I suppose it's perfectly normal to remember the name of your grand finals opponent at ROBO-ONE.
Subaru: “Who did you learn from? You got second place in your first ROBO-ONE! That's terribly fascinating to me.”
Kaito: “I didn't learn from anyone, and I didn't do anything special.”
Kaito: “I mean, heck, didn't you win the championship at your first ROBO-ONE?”
Subaru: “As Pleiades. I entered under my real name one time before that. I came in third place.”
That's still plenty impressive.
Though not as impressive as my showing. Hah.
Kaito: “I just used the same controls as Kill-Ballad's.”
Subaru: “Yes, that's it!”
Subaru: “Whose idea was it to implement the game controls into a hobby robot?!”
Kaito: “I-It was me... And why are you so close to me? Personal space, please.”
Subaru: “Ahem.”
Subaru composes himself, clears his throat, then looks out at the runway.
Subaru: “To be honest, I believe your idea will bring major changes to the flow of ROBO-ONE.”
Subaru: “It was that revolutionary.”
I don't know about that...
Subaru: “If nothing else, developers will start recruiting operators. You'll have teams instead of single competitors.”
Kaito: “Huh, I see.”
Subaru: “Are you aware that next month, the ROBO-ONE World Championships is being held in Las Vegas?”
Kaito: “World Championships...?”
Subaru: “The first one in history. Because of the recent robot boom, operators from all around the world will be competing. ROBO-ONE is no longer Japan-only.”
Whoa, this is starting to sound like a shonen manga or something.
Subaru: “I've been chosen as Japan's rep thanks to my victory at last week's tournament.”
Kaito: “Well congratulations... So?”
It's then that Subaru turns to me.
His sharp glare digs deep.
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, will you team—”
Kaito: “I'll pass.”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “I wasn't finished.”
Kaito: “You don't have to. I don't intend on listening.”
I have a bad feeling about this.
My senses are great at picking up on this sort of thing.
Subaru: “No, I'll say it no matter what.”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, please team up with me to enter the World Championships.”
Subaru: “Specifically, I'd like you to be M45's operator.”
Kaito: “No way, Jose. End of story.”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “Why?”
Kaito: “Because I don't want to wear a weird mask.”
Subaru: “So, you already knew what I was going to request of you.”
Kaito: “Wait, you were seriously gonna make me wear a mask?!”
Subaru: “I even came up with a stage name. Mr. Hyades. You'd be Pleiades' younger brother.”
Kaito: “Man, you're really pumped for this.”
Kaito: “But unlike you, I still have a sense of shame.”
Subaru: “I-It's not wike I wear that thwing because I wike it!”
Kaito: “Says the guy handing out stage names.”
Subaru: “Regawdless! You're more talented than me when it comes to being an operator.”
Subaru: “I'm not overestimating you, nor am I trying to flatter you.”
Subaru: “Our match proved this to me.”
Kaito: “Are you coming onto me?”
Subaru: “Tch.”
Yikes, that was a loud one.
Subaru: “It's stupid comments like those that've made me scorn the Robotics Club.”
Subaru: “You aren't at all serious about robots. Everything you say and do is a joke. I don't like that about you.”
Subaru: “Must be nice living such a carefree life, Senpai.”
Oh, please. Get off your high horse.
Subaru: “Yes, I dislike you. Maybe even more than I dislike the Prez.”
Kaito: “Gee, thanks.”
Subaru: “But your talents as an operator are a different matter entirely.”
Kaito: “If I do have talent, it's not as an operator, it's as a fighting game player.”
Kaito: “If nothing else, I'm actually really strong in the world of fighting games. I'm ranked number five in the world.”
Granted, this is limited to Kill-Ballad.
Subaru: “The particulars make no difference.”
Subaru: “There'll be lots of fresh, powerful foes at the World Championships. Even I, the Japanese champ, would struggle.”
Subaru: “Japan is where ROBO-ONE was born, and as the representative of these lands, I have an obligation to win.”
Kaito: “...”
Now he's just rambling to himself.
He looks cool-headed, but he's actually the passionate type.
I should've assumed as much considering he was running around saying “I am Mr. Pleiades.” Who does that?
Subaru: “If we combine my M45 with your control talents, we...”
Subaru: “Well, we'd be unconquerable, quite frankly.”
Kaito: “Didn't I already tell you? The answer is no.”
Subaru: “Ugh!”
Subaru draws closer to me, ever excited.
But I don't retreat.
We're engaged in a silent battle of glares.
I feign the coolest attitude I can, and top it off with a careless grin. I can't avert my gaze, no matter what.
If I can just hold the course...
At last, Subaru is the one to turn away.
Subaru: “Hmph, is that so....”
He sighs exasperatedly.
Why am I feeling this way?
Why does it feel like I'm the bad guy for being selfish and saying no?
He's the one who went and made a crazy request. Not me.
It's just weird that he'd even expect me to say yes when there's nothing in it for me.
Subaru: “Then how about this?”
Subaru flashes me a taunting grin.
Subaru: “A match in Kill-Ballad.”
Kaito: “...!”
The moment he says that, my adrenaline starts to pump.
Kaito: “Hoh, so that's your angle, eh?”
This guy... gets it. He actually gets it.
Subaru: “I hear this is your answer every time someone has a request for you.”
Subaru: “I also heard you keep your promise if you lose.”
Kaito: “Bingo. Where'd you hear that from? Aki-chan?”
Subaru: “No. You're quite famous around school. People know you as the Robotics Club oddball who can't think about anything but games.”
Subaru: “So, you'll accept it, won't you? My challenge!”
Kaito: “Hehehe.”
Whoops. My laugh finally managed to escape my lips.
Kaito: “So, Subaru-kun. Do you actually think you can beat me?”
Kaito: “You may be the ROBO-ONE champ, but if you think you can beat me in Kill-Ballad, you're hugely mistaken.”
Kaito: “Don't underestimate fighting games.”
Subaru: “I asked you a simple question. Is it a yes, or a no?”
Kaito: “Very well.”
To tell the truth, I actually enjoy breaking the spirit of people with so much baseless confidence.
Kaito: “I'd be happy to take you on.”
Kaito: “But don't regret this later. I don't hold back, no matter who my opponent is.”
Kaito: “Don't blame me if you start crying before we're done.”
Subaru: “I'd ask for no less.”
Kaito: “Okay, it's settled.”
Kaito: “We'll have our match, and if you manage to win, I'll do what you say.”
Kaito: “I'll be Hilldeath or whoever you want.”
Subaru: “It's ‘Hyades’.”
Kaito: “Whatever. Not like you'll beat me anyway.”
Kaito: “Start Kill-Ballad!”
Kaito: “What's your account name?”
Subaru: “MEL22.”
Kaito: “Let's get this battle started! One trip to the World Championships, on the line!”
Subaru nods at me, serious expression and all.
