Kaito: “Yoho, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Knock first!”
Kaito: “Oh, who cares. Got any candy?”
Akiho: “I do, but...”
Akiho: “Take this!”
Even though Akiho shouts like that red comet dude, she meekly hands me a Space Candy.
Kaito: “Thanks. I'll pay you back later.”
Kaito: “So, are you watching Gunvarrel again? You seriously never get tired of it.”
I see a familiar anime on the PokeCom screen that Akiho is looking at.
Akiho: “Oh, you can tell just by glancing at the screen now? You've come a long way, Kai.”
That's enough to make her happy?
I pop the Space Candy into my mouth.
The stimulation is refreshing as always.
Kaito: “Space Candy really is the best.”
Akiho: “Actually, I met with the president of Space Candy yesterday and today.”
Kaito: “For real?”
Kaito: “Wait, wait. Hold up. Don't tell me Mitchie's uncle is—”
Akiho: “Bingo! The president of Space Candy.”
My jaw drops so hard that I might have dislocated it.
Kaito: “Space Candy is his company?!”
I'm both happy and disappointed at the same time. What mixed feelings.
Akiho: “He definitely has a strong personality. At least, more so than Mitchie.”
Kaito: “He's not gonna sponsor you?”
Akiho: “Nope... He said I lack impact.”
Kaito: “Impact?”
Akiho: “I think he means that I have to pique his interest.”
Akiho: “When I went on Saturday, I was empty-handed.”
Akiho: “So today, I brought TanegashiMachine 3 with me. It placed second at ROBO-ONE, after all.”
Kaito: “Annnnd?”
Akiho: “Well, you see...”
Akiho: “Check it out. It even moves, too. Look!”
Akiho: “See, seeee?”
Sumio: “...”
Sumio: “It's so small. It lacks impact.”
Akiho: “C'mooon!”
Kaito: “C'mooon!”
Akiho: “My only choice at this point is to bring GunBuild-1, but I feel like he'd be rejected for being incomplete.”
Akiho: “And if I waited until he's complete, what's the point?”
Akiho: “What should I do?”
Akiho plops down on her bed.
Kaito: “How about bringing Subaru? He is the ROBO-ONE champ.”
Akiho: “One step ahead of you. I tried to bring him today, but he ignored me.”
Kaito: “I guess your cold war is still in effect.”
Akiho: “I even considered bringing you along, but you didn't answer my calls.”
Kaito: “I actually checked my call history, and it said you rang me up in the middle of the morning.”
Kaito: “I'm asleep on Sunday morning.”
Akiho: “I bet you played games all night.”
Kaito: “Bingo. My quota is 100 wins on the weekend.”
Yeah, 100 wins. That means that I gotta play way more than 100 matches. Even at my rank, I can't win 100 out of 100.
Akiho: “Can you come with me next time?”
Kaito: “Didn't you already try appealing to him with the Honorary Prez? I'm not gonna be of much help.”
Kaito: “You got this, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “There it is. Been a while since you last acted like you had nothing to do with any of this.”
Akiho: “Remember, you're going to be GunBuild-1's pilot.”
Kaito: “That again? I said I don't want to.”
Akiho: “It won't be dangerous. GunBuild-1 just walks. He won't fight anything.”
Kaito: “If it happens to fall over, the person piloting it is dead.”
Akiho: “He won't fall over.”
Kaito: “Look, I refuse to be the pilot. If you insist on getting me inside that thing, fight me in a match.”
Akiho: “No way.”
Kaito: “Then I won't pilot it.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho pouts her lips and takes up a stance like she's going to ruffle my hair up, but I totally ignore her.
Like hell I'm gonna be safe riding in that paper tiger.
Misa-nee may have designed it, but Akiho's the one seeing its completion through to the end.
And I don't have confidence in Senomiya Akiho.
Kaito: “Oh, right. I tried inviting Daitoku-san to the Robotics Club. She might show up eventually. Or not.”
Akiho: “Wait, have you finally started to take the Robotics Club seriously?!”
Kaito: “Ahah, no way. It's just that Daitoku-san seems like she has a lot of free time, so I figured I'd give it a shot.”
Akiho: “You could've just lied and said ‘exactly!’, you big jerk.”
Kaito: “My apologies for not meeting your high expectations.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho lowers her eyes to the PokeCom on her lap.
The heroine, uh, I think it was Rosetta-chan? Anyway, Rosetta-chan is talking about something.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai? On Friday, um, where did you go with Daitoku-san...?”
Kaito: “We did a tour of the local urban legend spots. I listened to some weird Russian buzzer sound and saw a whale corpse.”
Akiho: “What's that supposed to mean?”
Kaito: “Exactly what it sounds like. What, are you interested?”
Akiho: “Huh? Ahahah, no, silly! It's not like I care or anything if you went on a date with Daitoku-san.”
Akiho: “But, you know, you haven't really gone anywhere with anyone but me, so I just thought it was kinda unusual.”
Kaito: “That's not what I meant.”
Kaito: “I was asking if you're interested in the urban legend stuff.”
Akiho: “Urrrgh.”
Akiho hurriedly stands up from the bed and for some reason puts on the glasses sitting on her desk.
Akiho: “That damned Kai is getting better.”
Kaito: “At what?”
Akiho: “Sh-Shut uuup.”
Tamaki: “Kai-kuuuun.”
With perfect timing—or maybe the worst timing—I hear Akiho's mom calling from downstairs.
Tamaki: “Are you staying for dinner today?”
Akiho: “Grr...”
Akiho quickly exits the room.
Akiho: “He said he's going home now!”
Kaito: “I never said anything of the sort.”
Akiho: “I'm going to take a bath now.”
Akiho: “So, nocchiyo.”
She then hurries downstairs.
Good grief. She's mad.
Well, I have no reason to stay, so I guess I'll head home.
