Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “Heh...”
How... could this be...?
How did this happen?!
Akiho: “Hey, you two. We're in the middle of club activities, so could you maybe quit it with the games?”
Akiho: “I want your help carrying scrap from Mitchie's car.”
Akiho: “Look, these parts are pretty heavy, okay? I know Mitchie and I are always carrying stuff ourselves, but...”
Akiho: “If you two helped out, it would go way faster...”
Akiho: “Er, Kai? What's wrong?”
Kaito: “...”
How could things have turned out like this?
Subaru: “I'll hold you to your promise. A win is a win, after all.”
Kaito: “Give me a break!”
I'm in shock. How'd it end like this?!
Akiho: “Uh... Wait, don't tell me you lost?!”
Kaito: “I lost...”
Akiho: “Wow... I always get beat to a pulp. I'm totally helpless against him.”
Akiho: “You're amazing, Subaru! It sorta feels like you took revenge for me. I'm getting hyped!”
Akiho: “I can't believe there's someone on the island who can beat you! Aren't you sixth in the world?”
Kaito: “Fifth...”
Akiho: “Oh, right. Fifth. Does that mean Subaru is fourth?”
Subaru: “Of course not. I might have won, but it was through sheer perseverance.”
He's right. This brat is persistent as hell.
Out of 22 matches, I only lost once.
Just once.
But it's true that Subaru is pretty damn good.
He could easily make it into the top 200 of the world leaderboards.
I may be fifth place, and he may be a lower-ranked player, but even I couldn't go undefeated against him.
The more matches we play, the more luck starts to be an element. Eventually, my focus gets ground down.
Kaito: “This was your plan from the start.”
Subaru: “I never believed I could beat you on the first try.”
I screwed up by not setting proper conditions.
I should've limited the number of matches.
If my opponent was Akiho, I'm confident I could win 100 of 100 matches.
I let my guard down.
Kaito: “Hahh... But a promise is a promise.”
Kaito: “Plus, I got to play some pretty solid matches.”
That alone is satisfying in its own right.
It's kind of nice knowing that I have such a capable opponent within arm's reach.
Kaito: “I guess I have no choice. I'll be Mr. Picodes.”
Subaru: “Hyades.”
Kaito: “So, the World Championships is next month?”
Subaru: “Correct. I'll have modified the M45 for you by then.”
Akiho: “Wait, hold it! Hold on just one minute!”
Akiho suddenly shouts loudly.
Akiho: “What are you talking about? What's this World Championships?”
Subaru offhandedly explains things to her.
Akiho: “Whaaat?! Next month as in, next month?! Las Vegas as in Los Angeles?!”
Kaito: “Calm down, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “No, but, no way...”
Akiho: “Wait, don't tell me this is what you meant when you said you'd do as you please?”
Subaru: “It's exactly what I meant.”
Akiho: “Uugh... That's so unfair...”
Kaito: “Do you want to go to America, Aki-chan? I'd be happy to trade places.”
Subaru: “Please don't make comments like that. The Prez would only be a burden.”
Akiho: “I-It's not like I'm jealous or anything.”
Akiho: “But if you're entering the World Championships, that means you're gonna be working on hobby robots all summer.”
Subaru: “That's correct. Is there a problem?”
Akiho: “Then what about GunBuild-1?”
Akiho: “I need both of you to help out.”
Akiho: “You do realize what the Robotics Club's primary focus is, right?”
Akiho: “To complete GunBuild-1!”
Kaito: “It's not like I've ever helped out before.”
Kaito: “And how many times do I have to repeat myself? I'm not riding in that death machine.”
Subaru: “Primary focus? My primary focus has always been on hobby robots.”
Subaru: “Plus, you're the one who rejected every single one of my GunBuild-1 proposals.”
Akiho: “Oh, yeah. That's right.”
Akiho: “I mean, I did, but...”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho says nothing further and trudges off toward the parking lot with slumped shoulders.
Huh. Didn't take much for her to give up.
I guess she never stood a chance against a united front of Subaru and I.
Subaru: “With that matter settled, there's a lot I need you to learn before the World Championships rolls around.”
Kaito: “I refuse to do anything that's gonna be a pain in the ass.”
Subaru: “No need to worry. I intend to utilize the same Kill-Ballad control system used in the Robotics Club's machine.”
That helps a lot. The only reason I was able to get into the finals was because the controls were the same as KB.
Kaito: “By the way, if this is in Las Vegas, does that mean we're gonna be gone for a few days?”
Subaru: “Correct.”
I gotta hang with this guy for days?
I can't see myself getting on better terms with him. I can feel what little enthusiasm I had vanish.
Subaru: “Make sure you apply for your passport ASAP. It can take a while to be issued.”
Kaito: “Don't tell me I gotta pay for my own travel expenses.”
Subaru: “Don't worry. Japan's ROBO-ONE executive committee will be taking care of that stuff.”
Well, that's a relief.
Subaru: “I'll bring M45 with me tomorrow so that you can learn its abilities and specs more in depth.”
Subaru: “Also, I'd like to examine that piece of junk hobby robot you guys used in ROBO-ONE.”
Kaito: “The Honorary Prez is in the clubroom.”
Subaru: “Honorary Prez...?”
Kaito: “Its official name is TanegashiMachine 3, but it's been the Honorary Prez of our club its entire life. Show some respect, Subaru-kun.”
Subaru: “Is that so?”
Is he mocking me?
Man, his sense of humor sucks...
Subaru: “Then please bring TanegashiMachine 3 here tomorrow.”
Kaito: “Whaaat? That's such a pain. Just come to the clubroom.”
Subaru: “No way. People could find out I'm Pleiades!”
Is that really such a big deal?
Why's he being so careful about this dumb second identity?
Subaru: “Anyway, we meet here tomorrow. Fortunately, this place is perfect for avoiding the eyes of others.”
Subaru: “I look forward to working with you, Senpai.”
After delivering his frosty words, Subaru leaves.
Kaito: “Haaah, what a pain in the ass.”
I figured that if Subaru joined, I could make him do all the club work that I'd normally have to help with.
Instead, I feel like I'm going to have less gaming time than ever.
