There's a strong wind coming in from the sea, and it's kind of irritating.
It's messing up my hair and breaking my focus on Kill-Ballad.
I look away from my PokeCom and take a breather.
I'm sitting on the rather wide lawn of the Tanegashima Space Center.
There's a replica H-Ⅱ Rocket here, along with several benches.
It's not a bad environment to relax in.
But it's way too remote.
Well, if we're talking direct distance, it's closer to my house than the school is. It just feels further away.
There aren't many whimsical locals who would intentionally come to an end of the island like this.
I take a look around. As expected, there are barely any people in the area.
In the distance, I see one local middle-aged man playing golf by himself.
There aren't even that many employees stationed here at the TNSC.
During rocket launches, engineers arrive from off the island, and the staff grows three times larger. Or so they say.
But that was only when rockets used to be launched from here.
Now, the main force behind JAXA's space exploration has shifted to the Epsilon Rocket.
Since Epsilon is smaller than the H-ⅡA and H-ⅡB models launched from Tanegashima, its size doesn't match TNSC's facilities.
And so Epsilon Rockets are always launched from Uchinoura. I wanna say about three times a year, give or take?
Since the launch of the Hayabusa2 several years ago, there hasn't been a single launch from Tanegashima.
I haven't even visited this place in like, 12 or 13 years.
As for why I'm sitting here by myself, it's obviously because the Robotics Club president dragged me here.
Akiho's visiting her dad, aka the guy who runs this joint.
I was pretty shocked yesterday when she suddenly talked about "storming into JAXA".
But once I cooled down and thought about it, it dawned on me that she was gonna use her inside connections.
Not that I expect that to go very well.
I give a wry smile and boot up Kill-Ballad again.
Kaito: “Oh, Frau Koujiro... Er, I mean Koujiro Frau.”
I got pretty nervous at the airport yesterday, didn't I?
I never expected Kill-Ballad's creator to be a girl. Or such a young one at that.
FRAUKOUJIRO: big news today.
UMISHO: We met at the airport yesterday, didn't we?
FRAUKOUJIRO: say... what?
FRAUKOUJIRO: UMISHO-shi, were you that boy? tera coincidental lol
UMISHO: What's with those weird words you use?
UMISHO: Some sort of foreign language? They don't strike me as net slang.
UMISHO: I've never heard a lot of them before.
FRAUKOUJIRO: they're words that were popular on @channel like 10 years ago
UMISHO: 10 years ago... Are you sure you're not actually some geezer?
UMISHO: You don't strike me as a high school girl.
FRAUKOUJIRO: so i'm told lol
FRAUKOUJIRO: but the chick you saw yesterday was undoubtedly me, THE Koujiro Frau.
FRAUKOUJIRO: by the way, if you mess up my name, i'm never forgiving you ever forever ever never
UMISHO: Sure, sure.
UMISHO: I'm really grateful for that program you gave me.
UMISHO: I never thought you'd actually cooperate.
UMISHO: You really saved my butt. I'm glad you believed me.
FRAUKOUJIRO: all hail goggle! i goggled it just now!
FRAUKOUJIRO: wowee, second place? lol not bad lolol
UMISHO: I'm happy about it, but also kinda annoyed tbh.
UMISHO: So, what's the big news?
FRAUKOUJIRO: the whole me being on Tanegashima thing
FRAUKOUJIRO: but i guess that's hardly big news to you, UMISHO-shi
UMISHO: My apologies. So are you here on vacation or something?
UMISHO: You don't have to answer if you don't wanna, I don't want to pry.
UMISHO: I just figured I could rec some good tourist spots is all.
UMISHO: My way of saying thanks for the program.
FRAUKOUJIRO: flirting FTW!
UMISHO: I'm not saying we have to meet up in person.
UMISHO: I could just tell you about some right here.
FRAUKOUJIRO: let's meet up tmrrw
UMISHO: Huh? Seriously?
UMISHO: First the program, now this... You're surprisingly trusting.
UMISHO: Someone might try to take advantage of that one of these days.
FRAUKOUJIRO: srsly the only reason i trust you UMISHO-shi
FRAUKOUJIRO: iz cuz you're number 5 on the KB leaderboards
UMISHO: I don't see the connection.
FRAUKOUJIRO: anyway, meet me in front of the Old Tanegashima Airport tmrrw
FRAUKOUJIRO: just after 3
UMISHO: Wha?
UMISHO: Why the old airport? Is this related to the Robotics Club or something?
FRAUKOUJIRO: legit zero interest in the old airport itself
FRAUKOUJIRO: also what does that place have to do with the Robotics Club deets plz
UMISHO: Nah, never mind.
FRAUKOUJIRO: well, see ya~
FRAUKOUJIRO has left the room.
As soon as I put my PokeCom away, Akiho returns.
Akiho: “Kai.”
Kaito: “That was faster than I expected. I figured it'd take another hour.”
Akiho: “It was no good. He wouldn't listen.”
Akiho is clearly disappointed.
Kaito: “I thought as much.”
Akiho: “What do you mean?”
Kaito: “Your requests are too unreasonable, Aki-chan. I'm sure your old man had no clue how to react.”
Akiho: “I just thought Dad of all people would latch onto this.”
Akiho: “He could've at least tried to phone headquarters or something, but he just rejected me outright.”
Akiho: “Argh, I'm so bummed! I seriously wanted to hit him with a Gunval Ankh Striker!”
She's starting to get heated up again, which means I need to calm her down lest she complain forever.
Kaito: “Well, instead of getting greedy, how about taking things one step at a time?”
Akiho: “One step at a time, huh?”
Kaito: “Reach for something more realistic. Your dreams are always way too large, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “My dreams are always big.”
I notice that she didn't put on her glasses this time. I guess that's not one of her usual references.
A wry smile still on my face, I stand up and walk to the parking lot where our scooters are, hoping to end the topic.
Akiho follows a little ways behind me.
Akiho: “Now that I think about it, I'm gonna make Subaru clean the clubroom as punishment for his actions.”
Kaito: “Bringing that up again? How about telling him that instead of grumbling at me?”
Akiho: “I mean, he didn't have to say it like that! I am older than him, even if it's just by a little.”
Kaito: “C'mon, we've always known he was like this.”
Just a few hours ago...
Akiho was talking about storming into TNSC today, but Subaru had a sound argument as to why he refused to come along.
Subaru: “I'm not going. It's nonsense.”
Subaru: “Besides, TNSC is a rocket launch site. Even you should know that, foolish Prez or not.”
Akiho: “Foolish...”
Subaru: “Tell me. How exactly are a rocket launch facility and robot engineering related?”
Akiho: “J-JAXA has a space robotics department.”
Subaru: “Did you think I didn't know that?”
Subaru: “Obviously they do. I asked my question with that assumed. Apologies, we seem to have misunderstood each other.”
Subaru: “If you want advice from a space robotics department researcher, then I recommend heading to Tokyo or Tsukuba.”
Akiho: “Tch!”
Akiho: “Arggggh! Just thinking about it makes me mad! Why is he always so argumentative?!”
Kaito: “He's not being argumentative. If anything, his reasoning is sound.”
Akiho: “Grr... Kai, are you siding with Subaru?”
Kaito: “Well, you got turned down like I expected, so...”
Kaito: “He may be a brat, but I think he has a promising future.”
Akiho: “Look, I know I'm a good for nothing president.”
Kaito: “C'mon, Aki-chan. I know you don't want things to keep dragging along like this.”
Kaito: “Maybe you should consider being open to change.”
Kaito: “Not that it's my place to say. Ahah.”
Akiho: “Then are you willing to accept some changes, Kai?”
Kaito: “Changes?”
Akiho: “You're the only person I can see piloting GunBuild-1.”
Kaito: “What?!”
Kaito: “H-Hold on a second. What do you mean?! Nobody told me anything about this.”
Akiho: “You. The pilot. Aka the person who rides in GunBuild-1 and controls him.”
Akiho: “In mecha anime, that's the lead role of all lead roles♪”
Akiho: “Plus, the pilot has to be a boy. That's why I stepped down.”
Akiho: “You were the operator during ROBO-ONE, and there's no way we can let Subaru steal the spotlight.”
Akiho: “So you're—”
Kaito: “Whoa, hold on. No way. I don't want that spotlight.”
Kaito: “You might as well call me a human sacrifice if you make me do this.”
Akiho: “Hey, now. What's that supposed to mean?”
Kaito: “You're the one who built that thing. You tell me, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “Look, that thing's a walking coffin. Even if I had extra lives, it wouldn't be worth it. Plus, I'm not convinced it'll even walk.”
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
Kaito: “Hey...”
Here we go again.
She always does this when she doesn't like what I'm saying.
Akiho storms off ahead of me.
Akiho: “Kai, we're dropping by Lonsow on the way home.”
Kaito: “Yeah, yeah. I'll go with you. It's on the way, anyway.”
In the end, we gained absolutely nothing of value today.
