The Tanegashima Space Center—TNSC for short—is on the southern end of the island and is one of two launch sites in Japan.
Many call it the most beautiful launch site on Earth. Until a few years ago, it sent rockets into space about twice a year.
I'm waiting alone in the TNSC Chief's office, located in the administration building.
Despite being the Chief's office, it's pretty modest. Just a business desk and a sofa for guests.
There's nobody but me in the room.
I've been sitting on the sofa and waiting for almost 10 minutes.
Chief of TNSC: “Hey, sorry for the wait.”
Finally, the Chief enters the room wearing a JAXA work uniform.
In each hand he's holding a teacup filled with hot tea.
He smiles and puts the teacups down.
While he doesn't look like a big shot, he is in fact the Chief of TNSC.
Chief of TNSC: “You really surprised me, dropping by work like this out of nowhere.”
He actually seems kind of happy as he sits down across from me.
Akiho: “You're late.”
Chief of TNSC: “Sorry, sorry. I was out at the launch pad.”
The moment I complain to him, he bows his head to me.
If someone who didn't know anything about our relationship saw us like this, they'd probably be shocked.
I wouldn't be surprised if they ended up thinking the JAXA Chief was having an affair with a local high school girl or something.
But reality is nothing that gross.
Chief of TNSC: “So, Akiho. What do you need from your old man? If you just wanna chat, we could do that anytime at home.”
The current Chief of the Tanegashima Space Center, Senomiya Ken'ichiro, just happens to be my dad. That's all.
I clear my throat and adjust my posture.
Akiho: “To tell you the truth, I came with a request.”
Ken'ichiro: “Gosh, how long has it been since my daughter asked me for something?”
He whispers to himself, a distant look in his eyes.
Akiho: “This isn't a small ask. I'm not talking about getting a bigger allowance or anything that tiny.”
That's why I specifically came all the way here.
While I could talk about it with him at home, I wanted to avoid that.
Akiho: “I want you to hear me out as the Chief of the Tanegashima Space Center, not my dad.”
Ken'ichiro: “Ah, all right...”
Akiho: “The Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Research Club and JAXA have a technical partnership, right?”
Ken'ichiro: “Er, we do?”
Akiho: “We do.”
He's playing dumb, so I hit the table with my hand to let him know I'm being serious.
Ken'ichiro: “Akiho, calm down...”
My table bashing shakes the teacups, causing some of the fluid to spill out onto the table.
The two of us wipe the table clean with some tissues.
Akiho: “When Big Sis founded the Robotics Club, she requested cooperation from JAXA and got the OK!”
In truth, the GunBuild-1 currently under construction was built using all sorts of scrap parts from JAXA.
But that's just the official stance.
Akiho: “That's why I want you to help the Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “Let's build a giant robot of justice together!”
In short, this is my real intention.
Ken'ichiro: “I mean, what kind of help are we talking?”
Akiho: “It's simple.”
I smile as I whip out my PokeCom. I then show him the report I frantically put together during class today.
Ken'ichiro: “Let's see, facilities, personnel, funds?”
Akiho: “Number 1: facilities. I want to borrow a rocket construction facility for our life-size giant robot. Ideally a VAB.”
Akiho: “Number 2: personnel. If any of the engineers working here know about robot engineering, I'd like to be introduced.”
Akiho: “Number 3: funds. If you can ask JAXA's top brass for funds, I'd be happy with even a little. Like a million yen? Hehe.”
I know the third one is asking for a lot, but that's why I'm taking a shot in the dark with it. It can't hurt to ask.
It's hard to believe the Robotics Club was in such dire straits last week. Now we have a ton of unprecedented financial leeway.
We got a million yen as prize money from ROBO-ONE, after all. It's as if the same amount we earned from the last nine years of club funding suddenly fell into our laps.
Akiho: “So? What do you say?”
Ken'ichiro: “Hah hah hah.”
Dad pushes out a strained laugh.
Akiho: “I'm serious, you know.”
Ken'ichiro: “Sorry, sorry. It's just, well... ”
Crap.
He's totally trying to brush me off with a smile!
I can't rely on the version of Dad that's in front of me right now.
The aura he's projecting just shows there's no use. If that's the case, then...
I need to recover before it's too late!
But how...
Ken'ichiro: “That's impossible.”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Instant rejection.
There wasn't even time to recover.
But I don't plan on backing down just yet.
If Big Sis could get JAXA to cooperate, so can I!
As the Chief's daughter, I'm sure things'll work out if I keep pushing.
It'd be a real problem if they didn't!
That's basically what dads are for, right?!
Akiho: “Completing GunBuild-1 is Big Sis's dream too, you know? That's why I want to finish building him, no matter what!”
Akiho: “And then we'll display him at the Tokyo Expo next year. Even Big Sis'll be able to come and see him!”
Akiho: “See? A super amazingly great idea, right?”
This is the first time I've ever told Dad about my dream.
Akiho: “Plus, you like robots too, right, Dad? That means GunBuild-1 is basically our whole family's dream!”
Akiho: “So please help us! We're running out of time!”
Ken'ichiro: “Akiho...”
Dad looks deeply moved as he locks eyes with me.
But that's almost immediately followed up with a long sigh.
Ken'ichiro: “I-It's just impossible.”
Akiho: “Daaad!”
Ken'ichiro: “Uh, hahaha. You're misunderstanding what my job is here...”
He stands up like he's trying to escape, and gazes out the window.
Ken'ichiro: “I might be the Chief, but that doesn't mean I can do whatever I want.”
Ken'ichiro: “I'm really more like a manager, to be honest.”
Ken'ichiro: “And right now, TNSC doesn't have the funds or personnel to spare for something like this.”
Ken'ichiro: “Our budget's been cut. We haven't launched any rockets lately, after all...”
Ken'ichiro: “As for using our facilities for personal reasons... I'd end up getting fired.”
Akiho: “It's like you don't have any hopes or dreams of your own...”
I always thought he was kinda unreliable, but I didn't think he was this bad.
My heart's about to break.
Ken'ichiro: “I'm sorry I can't help...”
Ken'ichiro: “This doesn't have anything to do with dreams. This is just how the real world works sometimes.”
Ken'ichiro: “The larger an organization grows, the less flexible and effective it gets.”
Ken'ichiro: “You think I don't want to hear out my own daughter and help her however I can?”
Ken'ichiro: “But even if I wanted to use my pocket money to help you, your mother is the one holding the wallet. Hahaha...”
Akiho: “Dad, please don't say anymore... You're making me sad, too...”
I want to cover my ears. I want to lose all my memories of the last 30 minutes.
Akiho: “Sorry for bothering you.”
Ken'ichiro: “How about finishing your tea before going? Oh, Oomae-kun went to Tsukuba for training and brought back snacks.”
Akiho: “Dad.”
He's trying to get me to stay, but I cut him off.
Akiho: “You used to be so honest and pure when it came to your dreams. I liked that part of you.”
Akiho: “But I don't sense any passion from you now.”
Akiho: “And that makes me sad.”
Ken'ichiro: “Akiho...”
If Big Sis were here right now, she'd probably be even more upset than I am.
Akiho: “Hey, Dad? If you have even a little bit of that fire left in you—”
Ken'ichiro: “Uh, well... I told you, it's just impossible...”
Akiho: “Grrrr!”
Argh! If he's not gonna have a change of heart now, when will he?!
Stupid Dad! Why can't you read the room?!
I'm pretty sure I inherited that quality from him.
Uuuugggh, I wanna ruffle Kai's hair so badly right now!
But Kai isn't here, so I start squeezing the Fink toy I have hanging from the back of my PokeCom instead.
Akiho: “I'm never relying on you ever again, Dad!”
I spit out my words and rush out of the office.
If this is the adult world, I want nothing to do with it! But I'm not gonna say that out loud.
I get that my requests are absurd. I knew there was no way I'd get everything I wanted.
But he could've at least said like, “I'll do my best!” or something. That alone would've made me happy.
The old Dad who used to passionately talk about space development and mecha anime with Kai and I would've done that.
I guess even now, I might still be wishing for that ideal Dad from back then...
