Subaru: “I'm home.”
When I get back from school, I spot Dad relaxing in the living room while watching TV.
My dad, Hiromu, is a fisherman. He goes out to fish around 3 a.m. and comes home a bit after noon.
He doesn't talk much, and he can be pretty stubborn when it comes to traditions, but he provides for the family and I respect him.
Hiromu: “You're pretty late.”
Subaru: “I went to B-COOP with my friends.”
Hiromu: “I see.”
Subaru: “Where's Mom?”
Hiromu: “We're apparently out of soy sauce. She went to buy some.”
Subaru: “Oh.”
When I peek into the kitchen, I see that dinner's still in the middle of being made.
She'll probably be back soon.
Subaru: “Are Grandpa and Grandma still out in the fields?”
Hiromu: “Yeah.”
Subaru: “Have you taken a bath yet?”
Hiromu: “Not yet.”
Subaru: “Then I'll fill the tub.”
Hiromu: “Thanks.”
I end the conversation, and just as I start to make my way to my room to change...
Hiromu: “Subaru.”
Dad stops me in my tracks.
Subaru: “What is it?”
He's still staring at the TV screen.
The evening news is on.
The newscaster is explaining that Typhoon #02 is on a path from Okinawa to South Korea.
Hiromu: “When did you get back yesterday? I heard you were late to school.”
Subaru: “O-Oh, I didn't make it in time for first period. The ship takes a while, so I couldn't help it.”
Hiromu: “Did you have fun in Kagoshima?”
Subaru: “Yeah.”
Hiromu: “Have you known your friend in Kagoshima for a long time?”
I hesitate for a moment.
Dad's never asked this much about my social life before.
Has he figured it out?
No, that's impossible.
Subaru: “For a while, I guess. Why?”
Hiromu: “You've gone to visit Kagoshima a few times before and always returned on Monday morning.”
Subaru: “...”
My heart rate spontaneously rises.
I suddenly notice that my mouth is completely dry.
Hiromu: “Why can't you come back on a Sunday?”
Hiromu: “A student's duty is to study. Don't neglect your school work to play around, got it?”
Subaru: “S-Sorry. I'll be more careful.”
I somehow manage to feign calmness and reply.
Hiromu: “...”
That's when Dad switches his gaze from the TV to me.
Subaru: “Wh-What?”
Hiromu: “I heard there was a robot tournament in Tokyo the day before yesterday.”
Subaru: “...!”
I reflexively swallow my breath.
Is there sweat on my forehead?
Is there anything unnatural about me right now?
Anxiety swirls around inside my chest.
I desperately try to make sure that none of it appears on my face.
Hiromu: “It seems students from your school participated in it.”
Subaru: “H-Huh. Wow, I had no idea.”
I curse in my mind.
Senomiya Akiho and Yashio Kaito. In my head, I throw every foul word I can at my incompetent upperclassmen that can't take a hint.
Hiromu: “You have nothing to do with them?”
Subaru: “Of course not.”
I know for sure that my voice was steady when I answered him.
This helps me regain some composure.
Subaru: “I quit playing with hobby robots, you know that. I promised you, didn't I?”
Subaru: “Don't worry.”
Hiromu: “...”
Dad's sharp gaze feels like it pierces through me, seeing everything.
To avert my eyes, I pick up the bag I placed on the floor.
Hiromu: “Good.”
Dad seems to buy my lies and returns his gaze to the TV screen.
Subaru: “I'll go fill up the bath.”
I retreat into my room.
Subaru: “Phew...”
I close the sliding door, and once I'm alone...
I take a deep, deep breath.
A sigh of relief.
It's then that I notice my underarms are soaked in sweat.
