By the time I return home from fishing, it's just before noon.
I've been getting home around this time for years now.
A decade ago, I'd usually be back after noon.
The reason is simple.
Recently, the catches have been underwhelming.
And compared to a decade ago, my earnings have fallen by almost half.
After all that wasted effort, I find myself dragging my feet before sitting on the tatami mat.
There's already a cold bottle of beer on the table for me.
I always have a beer after returning from fishing. It's my daily custom.
My wife is hurriedly preparing lunch in the kitchen.
There's no sign of my parents who live with us. They must be working out in the fields.
I take a pack of cigarettes out from my pocket for a smoke, but there's none left inside.
Hiromu: “Hey, cigarettes.”
Doue: “Say again?”
The response from my wife in the kitchen is delayed; she sounds like she can't stop what she's doing.
Hiromu: “Never mind, I'll get them myself.”
Irritated, I stand up and head to the shelf by the entrance where the carton is stored.
On the way, I pass by my son's room. The sliding door is open.
For some reason, I stop.
My son Subaru is at school around this time, so naturally he isn't in his room.
Unless my morning fishing trip gets canceled, I never see my son during the morning hours.
Hiromu: “...”
I'm concerned, as Subaru has been acting strangely ever since he went to Kagoshima at the end of June.
He's been somewhat restless... Unable to focus, even.
In particular, I've noticed that he's been avoiding making eye contact with me.
When I ask my wife if she knows anything, she just gives me stupid answers like “He's just at that age.”
As his father, I'm a little concerned. After he graduates, it'd be an issue if he didn't come fishing with me.
He's inheriting my work, after all. My wife wants to send him to college, but we don't have the money for that.
That's why I'm especially concerned about my son's distant attitude.
There was a time when Subaru was extremely rebellious.
He said he wanted to go to university for robotics engineering, but I naturally opposed this. Fiercely.
So, since that's happened once before, I'm worried he might say something ridiculous again.
For reasons even I don't really know, I enter my son's room.
It's a tidy and clean room with few personal decorations to speak of.
In fact, it's so clean that I find it hard to believe it belongs to a young man his age.
My son can be pretty responsible in some ways.
He's completely different than me in that sense. He must get that from his mother.
Hiromu: “...”
What am I doing, snooping around my son's room? What am I, a jilted lover? What's the point of this?
Subaru once made me a promise.
He said that after he graduates, he'd inherit my work.
Isn't a father's duty to trust his son?
I sigh, then begin to take my leave.
Just then, a piece of paper sticking out of a textbook on his study desk enters my line of sight.
My son's room is tidy, so this one thing stands out like a sore thumb. It draws my attention.
Without thinking too much, I pull the piece of paper out.
I assumed it was a test sheet or something, but it isn't.
In my son's handwriting is a list of difficult words.
Almost like some kind of code.
Hiromu: “...”
I'm a fisherman, so I ain't too educated. I have no idea what any of this says.
But I do know what he's writing about.
Hiromu: “Robots, eh?”
