The next day, after school.
I reluctantly get Akiho to open the clubroom so that I can grab the Honorary Prez.
Akiho: “I wonder what Subaru's going to do with TanegashiMachine 3?”
Kaito: “Beats me. He just told me to bring it.”
Akiho carries the Honorary Prez out of the clubroom.
She stands it up on the lawn.
Akiho: “Are you going to carry it to the hangar? It's actually pretty heavy.”
Kaito: “I don't mind, but should I take it uncovered? You put it in a carrying case when we went to Tokyo. Let's use that.”
Akiho: “You have to remove the arms and legs to put it in the case.”
Akiho: “If you don't mind disassembling and reassembling it, I'm fine with that.”
Kaito: “All right, all right, I'll just take it like this.”
Akiho: “Hehe.”
For some reason, Akiho seems happy as she walks ahead of me.
Kaito: “Did something good happen?”
Akiho: “Nah. It's just funny how you're acting like Subaru's henchman.”
Akiho: “It's cute how you're obediently listening to your underclassman's requests.”
What about this situation is even remotely cute?
Kaito: “I'm not acting like his henchman because I want to.”
I'd bail on all of this immediately, but I lost an honorable match between men. I gotta keep my promise.
Kaito: “Let's just call it my fighting-game-player pride.”
Akiho: “Oh, please. You lost. That's all there is to it.”
Kaito: “Seriously, why do you seem so happy about it?”
Akiho: “Because it means if I ever manage to win against you, you'll actually listen to whatever I ask you for.”
Akiho: “I'm getting hyped!”
Kaito: “Well don't get too hyped...”
Kaito: “You've fought me tons of times, but you're still just button mashing.”
Kaito: “You aren't making any progress. At least learn a combo or something. If you don't, you'll never beat me. Ever.”
I'm undefeated against Akiho.
Akiho: “Well excuuuuse me for being so awful!”
Akiho: “Then how about this?”
Akiho: “It's almost summer vacation, right? Then we can play whether it's morning or night.”
Akiho: “I'll charge into your room at 5:00 in the morning and force you out of bed.”
Akiho: “I bet I could hold my own if you're half asleep!”
Kaito: “Not gonna work. What's the point of an ambush if I don't agree to the match?”
Akiho: “What if I fight you for three days straight, never letting you rest?”
Akiho: “You wouldn't be able to focus after a while.”
Kaito: “Not just me, but you too.”
Kaito: “I'd just go to sleep once I got tired.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho finally seems to realize that her plan was undercooked.
She stops talking.
Kaito: “...”
The abandoned hotel stands in front of the old airport.
Koujiro Frau is its current owner and only inhabitant.
I never really paid much attention to it, but...
I've had this strange feeling since yesterday...
Akiho: “Did you notice too, Kai?”
Kaito: “Hm? Notice what?”
Akiho: “The surveillance cameras.”
For some reason Akiho lowers her voice as she points them out to me.
Kaito: “Seriously?”
Akiho: “I noticed them yesterday.”
Akiho: “Two in the front, one in the back.”
Akiho: “The automatic doors at the front are still broken, but the cameras are brand new. It's really weird.”
Akiho: “There are brand-new stickers, too. They say Zecom.”
Kaito: “Remind me what that is?”
Akiho: “A security company.”
Kaito: “Ah, I get it.”
Geez, Frau. Isn't this a bit much?
Akiho: “Could someone be inside?”
Kaito: “Yup. Koujiro Frau, the creator of Kill-Ballad.”
Akiho: “Whaaat?!”
Oh, a message.
Kaito: “Open message.”
Considering the timing...
I reflexively look up at the corner room on the third floor.
It kinda looks like the window just got shut.
She was totally watching us.
I go back to checking the contents of the message.
Kaito: “A cheater hunt, eh...?”
To be honest, I hate cheaters so much that I'd gladly help hunt them down if it meant getting rid of them.
Especially because the KB leaderboards are totally rotten right now.
This is just my speculation, and I have no concrete evidence, just the gut feeling I get during matches, but...
The people ranked third to first are all cheaters.
If Frau is making moves to eliminate cheaters, I'd love nothing more than to help cleanse the leaderboards.
Kaito: “And I'd get closer to the top.”
Koujiro Frau is a weirdo, so I don't really want to be friends.
I do, however, still have interest in her as the creator of Kill-Ballad.
I'll think on it for a bit. I close my PokeCom without replying.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai? Isn't Koujiro Frau-san the girl we met on the plane back home?”
Akiho: “Why's she living in an abandoned building like this?”
Kaito: “The heck if I know.”
Akiho: “I-Is she a weirdo?”
Kaito: “Absolutely.”
Akiho: “I see...”
When we reach the front of the hangar, Subaru is waiting, fully prepared.
At his feet stands the hobby robot I fought in the grand finals: M45.
Kaito: “Did you wait long?”
Subaru: “Not really.”
Subaru: “More importantly, did anyone see you on the way here?”
Kaito: “Why?”
Akiho: “Hehe, you watch too many movies, Subaru. Nobody cares about what you're doing♪”
Subaru: “Don't make fun of me. I'm serious.”
Akiho: “Would it be that big a deal if people found out you were Pleiades?”
Subaru: “The situation is complicated in many ways.”
Akiho: “How so? I'll buy you a Skal if you tell me.”
Subaru: “Your insensitivity is worthy of scorn.”
Subaru: “Stop trying to pry into other people's private matters without any consideration for how they feel.”
Akiho: “Wha...?!”
Subaru's sharp words hit Akiho right where it hurts. She looks like she's about to faint in agony on the spot.
I'll just leave her be.
Kaito: “I brought the Honorary Prez.”
I stand it up next to M45.
The champion machine from this year's ROBO-ONE and its runner-up. Two great rivals standing in a rural abandoned airport.
Kaito: “That thing really is huge.”
I didn't notice it back at ROBO-ONE, but now that I'm in an ordinary scene like this, I can get a much better feel for its size.
Akiho: “But there's no beauty in it.”
Akiho grumbles from her position lying on the ground. She's like a child throwing a tantrum.
Subaru: “What do you mean?”
Akiho: “How about giving it some cool armor? It's so bare that I feel bad for it.”
Subaru: “I have no intention of making such unnecessary additions.”
Akiho: “Well... good for you.”
Subaru: “More importantly, Prez. May I take a look at TanegashiMachine 3's programming?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Akiho pops up.
Akiho: “You want to reference our program?”
Akiho: “Hmm, I don't know. This is the crystallization of generations of the Robotics Club's sweat and tears...”
Akiho: “But I guess since you're part of the club, I'll make a special exception. Aren't you glad you joined?”
She's puffing her chest out proudly for some reason.
But this is nothing for you to brag about, Akiho.
Most of Honorary Prez's current programing was written by Koujiro Frau in a single day, based on the KB system.
Subaru connects a cord from his PokeCom to the Honorary Prez.
Kaito: “Do you know programming, Subaru-kun?”
Subaru: “To a degree. One must be able to compile programs in order to build hobby robots, after all.”
Subaru groans as he looks at his monitor.
Subaru: “This program, it's... What's going on?”
Subaru: “I can tell it's doing some amazing things, but I can't understand it at first glance.”
In other words, it's too advanced.
If even Subaru groans while looking at it, Akiho and I would certainly get headaches if we tried.
Subaru: “Who wrote this program? Don't tell me the Prez did.”
Akiho: “Of course not♪”
Kaito: “Koujiro Frau.”
Subaru: “Who's that?”
Kaito: “The creator of Kill-Ballad. But the world knows her as Frau Koujiro.”
Until the week before last, I didn't think twice about that name. I figured she was a man in his 20s or 30s.
Kaito: “Her real name is Furugoori Kona. She recently moved here and transferred to our school.”
Subaru: “Nya?! Wait, that weirdo girl from Tokyo who speaks strangely is the creator of Kill-Ballad?!”
Subaru: “She's... my classmate.”
Kaito: “Hoh, is that so?”
Subaru: “She came to school the day she transferred in, but she hasn't been back since.”
Akiho: “She's already taking days off? Is she sick or something?”
Subaru: “She's probably just cutting class. She appeared to have trouble interacting with people.”
Subaru: “She's a shut-in, I guess.”
Kaito: “Well, it was that shut-in who wrote the Kill-Ballad program and the Honorary Prez's programming.”
Kaito: “And it only took her a day for the latter.”
Subaru: “One day?! For this?!”
Akiho: “Thanks to that, we were able to use KB's control scheme on TanegashiMachine 3.”
Akiho: “It was right before ROBO-ONE, too. I was getting really nervous about the timing.”
Subaru: “Indeed, this thing may be a piece of junk in terms of its exterior and design, but it's a complete monster on the inside.”
Subaru: “The mystery has finally been solved. The secret to your success was someone unrelated to the club compiling this program.”
Akiho: “Wait, what does that mean?! You're making it sound like me and Kai did nothing.”
Subaru: “Did you do anything, Prez?”
Akiho: “I-I did. I stayed up all night to implement the program.”
Akiho: “And I did the overhaul on TanegashiMachine 3.”
Subaru: “Is that so?”
Akiho: “It is. It hadn't moved in nine years, so it was hard work getting it up to speed. Yup.”
Subaru: “Can I implement this program into M45?”
Akiho looks puzzled for a moment, then grins.
Akiho: “Hoh hoh. So, you want to steal it?”
Subaru: “If that's how you wish to describe it, then fine.”
Subaru: “The reality is that I don't have the skills to compile the Kill-Ballad program.”
Subaru: “However, with Yashio-senpai as the operator, I must implement the KB control scheme.”
So that's why he had me bring TanegashiMachine 3 here.
Kaito: “Koujiro Frau lives right over there. How about paying her a visit?”
Subaru: “‘Right over there’? Where?”
Kaito: “The abandoned hotel by the parking lot. She lives in there.”
Subaru: “Really?”
Subaru thinks to himself for a moment, puts down his PokeCom, and runs off.
Subaru: “I'll be back shortly!”
Kaito: “Well, ain't he aggressive?”
