When was the last time me, Misa-nee, and Akiho went to watch a rocket launch together?
Surely, it must have been...
...Nine years ago, for the H-ⅡA 17 launch.
I remember the day being nice and warm. An early morning in May.
Misa-nee was preparing for the following day, when she'd be entering ROBO-ONE for the first time as part of the Robotics Research Association.
After watching the launch early in the morning, she planned on boarding a boat to Kagoshima, and then flying to Tokyo from there.
Despite being normally deserted, Uchugaoka Park was packed with people.
Whenever there was a launch, people from all over would come to the island to watch.
Most of the tourists were adults, but once the rocket launched, everyone's eyes sparkled like children while they looked up at the sky.
Of course, the locals joined in as well.
It had become a traditional event that took place about twice a year, but no matter how many times you saw it, it never got old.
Although to be fair, we wouldn't get as excited as the people who came to the island just to watch it.
I rubbed my tired eyes and played fighting games with Misa-nee, who had just entered high school at the time.
Kaito: “Aww, I lost again...”
Misaki: “That's 12 wins in a row for me. Hehe, you still have a long ways to go, Kai.”
Kaito: “You're so mean, Misa-nee. Go easy on me!”
Misaki: “But you'd get mad if I held back, wouldn't you?”
Kaito: “Sure, but...”
Misaki: “Look, you're gonna need at least another 10 years if you wanna beat your teacher!”
Kaito: “Grr... One more round!”
Misaki: “Wait. The launch is in 60 seconds.”
The sightseers around us started to get excited. The energy was palpable.
But there was still no movement on the launch pad in the distance.
Misaki: “Hey, Aki. Wake up. The rocket's about to launch.”
Akiho: “Mm? Mmm... I'm sleepy...”
Akiho was still half asleep.
I put my game away and patiently waited while holding Misa-nee's hand.
At last, we heard a countdown voice come in from the speakers.
Five, four, three, two...
A cloud of white smoke rose from the launch pad.
This was quickly followed by a dazzling light.
Then, the rocket that looked as small as a faraway speck started spewing smoke, and flew up into the sky.
Cheers roared from the people around us.
The sounds of applause echoed throughout the park.
And then we were hit by a deep, powerful sound, one that reverberated throughout our bodies.
The man-made lump of metal cut through the clouds as it rose into the heavens.
I remember how gallant it always looked, tragically but heroically drifting through the air, stirring the hearts of all who watched.
But at that time, poetic reasoning like that was irrelevant to me.
I'd just earnestly watch the tail of the rocket, even forgetting to breathe.
Kaito: “Awesome! So awesome!”
All I could do was express those instinctive feelings that came from the bottom of my heart as best as I could.
And by my side, Misa-nee looked up at the sky just like me and shouted.
Misaki: “Gooo, hot dog, gooo!”
Kaito: “You must really wanna eat hot dogs, Misa-nee. You said the same thing last time too, didn't you?”
Misaki: “It's a line from an old film.”
After smiling at me, Misa-nee returned her gaze to the distant sky.
Misaki: “Kai, make sure you grow into a manwho has the right stuff.”
As I was only an elementary schooler at the time, I had no idea what she meant by those words.
It was only after Misa-nee graduated from high school and left the island that I understood what the ‘right stuff’ meant.
But by then, I'd already stopped going to rocket launches.
