I enter the faculty room with the worst timing imaginable and run into the vice principal.
I force a stiff smile onto my face and bow slightly.
Vice Principal Usui: “...”
The vice principal likewise gives me a slight nod and walks past me.
God, my heart can't take this.
This is why I didn't want to come to the faculty room.
It's all Mitchie's fault. Why did he call me here?
Akiho: “I'm here, Mitchie.”
Mitchie is casually sitting at his desk eating delivery zaru soba. Why am I even here?
Mitsuhiko: “Heeey, Little Senomiya! How many times do I have to tell you? Don't call me Mitchie!”
Akiho: “Then don't call me Little Senomiya!”
Mitsuhiko: “You are the little sister, though.”
Akiho: “Hey, don't wave your chopsticks around. You got soup on me!”
What if it leaves a stain?
Akiho: “So, what did you want to talk about?”
Mitsuhiko: “Oh. Right, right.”
Mitchie puts down his chopsticks and turns to face me.
Mitsuhiko: “All right, listen up. It's about the prize money from ROBO-ONE.”
For some reason, he says this in a hushed voice.
Akiho: “Did they contact us about the payment date?”
Akiho: “Hee hee, I can't wait!”
Our little TanegashiMachine 3 won an impressive second place at ROBO-ONE. Our prize? A whopping one million yen!
Right after the tournament, I was so busy despairing over the club that it didn't really hit me at the time.
But now that we're in the clear, that one million yen is like a radiant light of hope!
It's several times more than the funds I requested from the VP. With that kind of cash, we've basically already won!
But apparently, there's a lot of paperwork that needs doing, so the cash won't be wired to us for about a month.
Of course, since we're students, and we entered ROBO-ONE as the Robotics Club, the money's being sent to the school.
Either way, that money belongs to the Robotics Club, which means we can use it however we want!
Akiho: “As soon as we get the money, I'll go straight to Doc to repay our tab, then buy lots of parts for GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “Yeeeaaah! I'm getting hyped! Hehe.”
Mitsuhiko: “About that. They're wiring the cash next month, but there's lots of paperwork since this is a public school.”
Akiho: “What are you trying to say?”
Mitsuhiko: “Basically, due to said process, the money won't be usable as club funds until April of next year. That's a pro tip.”
Akiho: “Whaaaat?!”
Akiho: “But we'll have graduated by next April!”
Mitsuhiko: “Hm, oh, I guess you're right.”
Akiho: “Then what's the point?! The expo is in February! We need to complete GunBuild-1 before then!”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen, Little Senomiya. I have words of wisdom for you.”
Akiho: “Er, wh-what is it?”
Mitsuhiko: “Money comes as money goes! Understand?”
Akiho: “Not even remotely!”
Kai! Why's Kai never around at times like this?!
I want to ruffle his hair up as hard as I can!
Akiho: “Wait?!”
Akiho: “Don't tell me this is the vice principal's doing?! Is she screwing around with us again?!”
Mitsuhiko: “H-Hey, calm down. Of course not.”
Akiho: “But this is...”
I thought we'd finally gotten past our funding woes...
Akiho: “This is just too much... Kai worked so hard, and for what?”
Mitsuhiko: “Yeah, but you're gonna have to give up. I can't do anything about this one.”
Akiho: “Then lend us one million yen, Mitchie. The club'll repay you next year.”
Mitsuhiko: “Little Senomiya, let me give you the exclusive lowdown. My savings account is at zero!”
Akiho: “Worst exclusive ever!”
Can't we ever get a clean win?
