Where's Koujiro Frau?
I come all the way out to the hangar at the old airport and click my tongue lightly.
Don't tell me I'm just another naïve dude believing the words of a pretty girl.
I've been matched up with Tokyo girls in online battles before, but that's it. Is it normal to make IRL plans and then ghost them?
I guess I'll just play Kill-Ballad and wait. Keep my expectations low.
But then, I think I hear something.
Is it Sister Centipede again?
It's a bit too crude of a sound to be her.
Kaito: “...”
Sounds like a car horn.
But at a time and place like this? Are they calling for me?
Kaito: “Good grief...”
I decide to go and check out the situation.
The old airport parking lot. There's an abandoned hotel in between it and the road out front.
They relocated when the airport closed down, and it's gone unused ever since. I recognize the light truck parked there.
Kaito: “That's the Thunder Emperor.”
Thunder Emperor is just a nickname.
That's the name the owner of the car gave it.
Mitsuhiko: “Yashio, what are you wearing? You're going to work in that?”
I recognize the man in the driver's seat. For some reason, he finds fault in me wearing my school uniform.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen, you should wear your gym clothes when you're doing work that might get you dirty. That's a pro tip.”
Kaito: “What are you doing here, Mitchie?”
Mitsuhiko: “Can't you tell?”
Kaito: “Collecting trash? When did you quit being a teacher?”
Mitsuhiko: “I haven't quit! I'm still a teacher!”
Kaito: “Then what's with all the stuff in the truck?”
Mitsuhiko: “It's for moving. Damn that vice principal! She totally has it out for me cuz of the ROBO-ONE thing...”
Moving, huh? Well, I have a pretty good idea of who's doing the moving.
Looks like I've been tricked.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen and remember, Yashio. It's better to join a stronger enemy than to fight them.”
As Mitchie gets out of the car, he says something entirely unbecoming of an educator.
Mitsuhiko: “It's fine and dandy being tough when you're a student. But once you enter society, suck up to people above you.”
Mitsuhiko: “That's how you build successful working relationships. This isn't just a pro tip. It's the secret to success. Got it?”
Kaito: “I get it, but is that something a teacher should be saying?”
Mitsuhiko: “I'm a teacher who speaks honestly. Feel free to respect me!”
Not happening.
I ignore Mitchie and look around.
As expected, there's no sign of Koujiro Frau.
Mitsuhiko: “So, how did you get to know Furugoori?”
Kaito: “Furugoori...?”
Who the heck is that?
I feel like I've seen that name before, but where?
Mitsuhiko: “Don't tell me it's when we went to Tokyo? Not bad at all, Yashio.”
For some reason, Mitchie is grinning at me.
What a pain. Maybe I should bail before it's too late.
Kaito: “I don't know anyone named Furugoori, so I'm out.”
???: “Nyoooooo!”
Kaito: “?!”
I hear what sounds like a girl shrieking nearby.
After what happened at Uchugaoka Park yesterday, I reflexively raise my guard.
The voice came from Thunder Emperor's truck bed.
There are multiple large boxes stacked up on top of it.
I cautiously peek inside.
It's there that I find Koujiro Frau, sprawled out between the boxes, a sickly expression on her face.
Kaito: “Uh, er, what're you doing?”
Frau: “G-Going home without helping, what is wrong with this island? This is un-unforgivable!”
Kaito: “Let me repeat myself: what're you doing?”
Frau: “Th-That beefy teacher drives like a nut. My cola's all shook. RIP in peace...”
As usual, the way she uses her words is confusing as hell.
Is this fashionable in Tokyo or something?
I don't remember hearing anyone talk like her when I was there...
Mitsuhiko: “She's been rolling around in the back with her PC since Nishinoomote. Said it was too precious to leave alone.”
Mitsuhiko: “But as you know, Yashio, I'm the safest driver there is.”
Kaito: “You obey the speed limit, but your actual technique is all over the place.”
If you sit in the passenger's seat, it's manageable. But the back? She must've gotten whipped around.
No wonder she's sick.
Kaito: “So, what's your actual name?”
Frau: “Koujiro Frau... 17-years-old! Rekt.”
I suppose I can just find out by looking at her tag.
Frau: “B-By the way, I just turned 17 last month, duhuhu. At last, I'm an eternal 17-year-old!”
Mitsuhiko: “Her name's Furugoori Kona. Kind of a dumb name, so I remembered it no sweat.”
Furugoori Kona?
Then I guess Koujiro Frau is her pen name.
Frau: “L-Like hell I have a DQN name like that. Go to hell!”
Kaito: “All right, I got it. This is going nowhere fast, so how about getting out of the truck bed, Kona-chan?”
Frau: “Calling me by that name is cruel and unusual punishment.”
After pulling Frau out of the truck bed, it seems she can barely stand.
Frau: “Urp... Teranasty...”
She certainly looks ill.
She's been hanging her head the whole time, too.
She's not even trying to make eye contact.
Kaito: “Oh, I just realized! You're wearing my school's uniform. What's the deal?”
Mitsuhiko: “Obviously it's because she transferred to our school. That ain't even a pro tip, Yashio.”
Kaito: “Transferred?!”
Is that why she moved here?
But why don't I see her parents anywhere?
Kaito: “So, where exactly are you moving?”
Frau: “R-Right here, obviously. SMH.”
She points to the abandoned hotel in front of us.
Kaito: “You do realize this place is abandoned, right?”
Frau: “Already bought it.”
Kaito: “Who did?”
Frau: “I did.”
Kaito: “With what money?”
Frau: “I earned tens of millions from Kill-Ballad. S-S-So I invested most of it...”
KB only costs 115 yen... But even at that price, with tens of millions of downloads, she must've made a ton.
She's like night and day compared to Akiho and her complaints over 10,000 yen parts.
But geez, she seriously bought this old place and plans to live here?
What in the world is she thinking...?
Mitsuhiko: “Hey, Yashio. We should get started.”
Get started on what...?
I have a bad feeling about this.
Mitsuhiko: “I have things to do. Let's get her stuff moved quick so I can leave. That's a pro tip.”
I knew this had to do with helping her move.
C'mon, give me a break. I got called out here just to do this?
I need to escape as soon as possible...
Kaito: “I just remembered I have some business to attend to. Catch you later!”
Frau: “...”
But Frau grabs the cuff of my shirt.
She's still avoiding eye contact.
All she does is look at the cuff of my shirt with a sickly expression on her face.
Dammit, she's not gonna let me escape.
Fine, we'll do this the hard way.
Kaito: “If you insist on making me help...”
I brush Frau's hand away and look her in the eyes.
Our eyes meet for a moment, and Frau immediately averts her gaze.
I slowly pull my PokeCom out of the bag at my waist.
Kaito: “If you beat me in a match—”
Frau: “R-Remember how I shared that program?”
Kaito: “Wha...”
Frau: “You need to repay your debt, SMH. F-Frau-tan isn't so nice as to help someone without compensation.”
Frau: “Duhuhu...”
I can't argue with that.
I put my PokeCom away.
Kaito: “Hahh, Hahh, Hahh...”
Kaito: “This is... the last one.”
I put the box on the floor and raise both fists into the air.
In the end, I made over ten trips.
Her stuff was way too heavy. I can barely move my arms at this point.
What on Earth did she pack?
Not only that, but she made the absurd request that we carry them to the corner room on the third floor.
The elevator doesn't work, and the halls are filled with trash, making it hard to walk. Is this some kind of harassment?
Mitsuhiko: “Whew, now that's a good sweat. This is what I call youth.”
Mitsuhiko: “I've got some special words just for you, Yashio, Furugoori.”
Mitsuhiko: “People get kinder the more they sweat!”
Kaito: “Is that so?”
I don't have the mental strength to listen to him. I'm doing all I can to catch my breath and avoid an attack.
I don't want to put a burden on my body.
Plus, Akiho isn't here right now.
I just squat down in place and breathe.
Frau: “Tonks.”
I hear a voice from somewhere.
Now that I think about it, I haven't seen Frau in a while.
Where is she?
I look around the room.
My eyes eventually stop on her holding her knees, balled up in the corner of the room.
She kinda looks like some sort of ghost bound to the hotel or something.
Kaito: “What's tonks?”
Frau: “Thx.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Frau: “TY.”
Kaito: “...?”
Frau: “Ugh, you don't get anything.”
Frau mutters and lightly punches the wall.
Frau: “Hahh... Wall punch.”
The reason I don't get anything is because Frau uses too much net slang from 10 years ago.
And hey, I helped her out, didn't I? Why's she snapping back at me?
Just for the record, the walls and floor of the room are crazy rundown.
This really does look like a room in an abandoned building.
If I wasn't so worried about having an attack, I'd never wanna sit down on the floor.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, are you really planning on living here?”
Frau: “So what if I am?”
She's serious...
Frau: “Tomorrow I-I'm calling some remodelers.”
Frau: “Also, s-s-security. Super extreme top priority. My PC is super transcendent hai spec.”
Frau: “Not high, hai. There's a difference.”
Frau: “Plus, it has the original source code for Kill-Ballad and other goodies, too.”
Frau: “It also has over 1TB of r-rotten pics and stuff I've been collecting... Duhuhu.”
Rotten? I can't tell if that's a good or a bad thing.
I'm so confused.
Frau: “If my PC ever got stolen, I-I-I'd just drop dead, Fred.”
Kaito: “Who the heck is Fred? And why are you ranting to yourself?”
Frau: “A-Anyway, the rules of nature are kill or be killed.”
Frau: “I'll sh-shut myself away behind traps and security systems that nobody can ever break through.”
Frau: “I-In other words, all hail NEETs!”
Kaito: “But are you gonna live in this big place all on your own?”
Kaito: “Why not just buy a regular house instead?”
Frau: “B-But I refuse.”
Frau: “The whole abandoned aesthetic is so moe.”
Frau: “Now I just need a handsome topless man in jeans. Even better if he punches a mirror looking all ennui!”
I ignore whatever I don't understand.
Kaito: “Where are your parents?”
Frau: “A-At the very least, Papa is in T-Tokyo.”
What a strange way of phrasing that.
Kaito: “And your mother?”
Frau: “...”
Frau goes quiet, so I shoot Mitchie a questioning look instead.
Of course, he doesn't take the hint.
Mitsuhiko: “Zzz... Guah... Zzz...”
He's asleep.
I was a fool for expecting anything from such a worthless teacher.
Kaito: “And your mother?”
I try asking again.
Frau turns her gaze to the scenery outside of the window.
I see the side of her face.
Frau: “Mama is...”
She hasn't finished speaking, but just judging by her expression...
Frau looks tremendously lonely.
I brace myself to hear the rest of her answer.
Frau: “...”
But all she does is smile at me.
