Kaito: “...”
Junna: “Masked behind chaos, secretly, slowly, um... a plan to destroy human society as we know it is potentially underway.”
Daitoku-san is reading the text on my PokeCom's screen out loud.
I figured an urban legend maniac like her might know something.
In the end, curiosity got the best of me and I read all of the Kimijima Report.
The contents of the report struck me as something that Daitoku-san would be into.
Kaito: “Well?”
Junna: “H-Hm... It's kinda difficult to parse.”
Kaito: “It's like some kind of mishmash of someone's wildest delusions.”
Junna: “B-But the stuff about the aurora in here, um... all turned out to be true, didn't it...?”
She's right. It did.
Since 2012, the Sun has been highly active. This made the aurora visible even at lower latitudes.
If this file really was written in 2009, that means it accurately predicted what happened.
Kaito: “The solar storms, too.”
Junna: “Ah, that's right. That was 2015, wasn't it? Computers and such all across the world malfunctioned.”
Kaito: “The Crash of '15.”
Kaito: “But the stuff in the report is different.”
Kaito: “It said serious damage would be caused by solar storms in 2012, '15, '19, and '20.”
Kaito: “But in reality, there wasn't any major damage in 2012.”
Indeed. Nothing happened.
Junna: “We were only kids at the time, but I remember it being a hot topic.”
Junna: “That's the year the Mayan calendar ended, so there were lots of theories tying it to the end of the world.”
Junna: “So much so that there were even Hollywood movies made about those, um... 2012 doomsday theories.”
But nothing actually happened.
Kaito: “By the way, we're already in mid-July of this year. Have you seen any news about solar storms?”
Junna: “No, nothing.”
Junna: “It's actually... kind of scary that there's been no news at all.”
Junna: “That report did say that any info about them would be suppressed, so...”
Kaito: “I wonder if that's actually true.”
Would it even be possible to suppress information from an organization like NASA?
Though I guess giant organizations with immense sway are oft the subject of conspiracy theories.
As a dude living in the middle of nowhere, it all just seems like silly fantasy tripe.
The problem with conspiracy theories is that once you start questioning things, it never ends.
Like an obsession, any trivial thing can be tied to a theory. At that point, it's just a delusion.
Junna: “There are so many organization names in such a short report.”
Junna: “Um, NASA, Tavistock, a certain organization, a group plotting an act of terrorism...”
Junna: “Considering the nature of this report, such a vague way of mentioning this ‘certain organization’ is... pretty weird, I think.”
Junna: “If they left this behind because they were in danger of being killed and wanted to secretly report this to someone, that'd make them a whistleblower, wouldn't it?”
Junna: “But in that case, they'd have no reason to hide info like that, since they wanted to get the word out.”
Kaito: “It's a mystery who this was even intended for.”
Kaito: “By the way, have you ever heard of this Kimijima Kou guy? You know, the dude who wrote this?”
Daitoku-san shakes her head horizontally in response.
Her smile is somewhat strained.
Junna: “Um, sorry... I don't think I've ever heard of him.”
I figured.
Junna: “But, um, while I don't understand what any of this means...”
Junna: “I think the whole circumstance surrounding it is... fascinating, Yashio-kun.”
Fascinating...?
Junna: “That means there could be more of these, um... shady documents hidden all around Tanegashima, right?”
This report is designated number one.
Which means there could be a number two and beyond.
Not that there's any guarantee of that.
Junna: “I kinda wanna look for them.”
Kaito: “You should give it a shot then.”
Kaito: “The clue was the ghost girl.”
Junna: “Huh? I thought you said it wasn't a ghost, but instead... some kind of app?”
I think it introduced itself as a navigation interface app or something.
Kaito: “Well, if there are other files, there should be a girl hanging around nearby who can only be seen through ‘IRUO.’”
Junna: “I-I see...”
Junna: “Um, i-if I have the chance, I'll take a look.”
Daitoku-san's smile is clearly forced.
I probably shouldn't expect much.
