It only takes about 10 minutes for Subaru to come back. He immediately starts his explanation again as if nothing had happened.
I'm guessing Koujiro Frau didn't want anything to do with him.
Subaru: “Now then, I'll explain M45's abilities, and what you need to do at the World Championships.”
Subaru: “I'm sure you know a decent amount from our previous battle, but he's a power-type hobby robot.”
Kaito: “He...?”
For a moment, I have no idea who he's talking about, but I guess he means his robot. Huh. So he personifies them, eh?
Subaru: “I completely discarded its mobility. The design concept is to fight with a focus on pure power.”
Subaru: “It's essentially the exact opposite concept from the Robotics Club's TanegashiMachine 3.”
Subaru: “The long and short of it is that you grab an opponent when they're in range, then throw them for the win.”
Kaito: “Reminds me of turtling. Can't say I'm a huge fan. Most people hate that in fighting games.”
Subaru: “Even in ROBO-ONE, you get cautioned if you don't aggressively go after your opponent.”
Akiho: “They got mad at you during the grand finals too, Subaru.”
Subaru: “It was just a caution.”
Akiho: “If they get too mad, you get a warning and lose a point. Be careful, Kai.”
Subaru: “They don't get mad, they caution you. And it wasn't just me, they cautioned us both to get moving.”
Subaru: “Clearly you don't understand the rules. I expected about as much from the president of a third-rate club.”
Akiho: “Hey, why do you have to be such a jerk?!”
Subaru: “I'm simply stating the truth.”
Akiho: “Grrr.”
Kaito: “Well, this one's on you for being insensitive, Aki-chan. You mustn't hurt Mr. Pleiades's pride.”
Subaru: “Please don't call me Pweiades!”
Akiho: “‘Pweiades’?”
Subaru: “Ah.”
Subaru's face turns bright red, and he sighs to try and recollect himself.
Subaru: “I've already taken care of the turtling penalty and narrow range issues.”
Subaru: “The pile bunkers. The special mechanism in the arms that you saw during the grand finals.”
Those were a real pain in the ass.
Akiho: “Oh, so you actually call them pile bunkers? Jay Babylon was calling it a rocket punch.”
Subaru: “They're pile bunkers.”
Akiho: “I figured. There's no other way to describe them.”
Subaru: “Obviously.”
What's with these two? They actually agree on this one point.
Is the name really that important?
Kaito: “About those pile bunkers, I feel like they had really long range. They didn't match the length of the arms.”
Kaito: “Was I just imagining things?”
Subaru: “It was no illusion. M45's waist turns 90 degrees when it fires its pile bunkers.”
Subaru: “This extends the total range by five centimeters.”
Kaito: “Hmm.”
Subaru: “By equipping M45 with pile bunkers, it becomes capable of performing mid-range attacks.”
Subaru: “This also solves the referee issue.”
Subaru: “The main problem is that excessive use of the pile bunkers drains the battery life significantly.”
Subaru: “That's why M45 uses a wireless power source.”
Akiho: “Isn't that the norm? PokeComs are recharged on wireless pads, too.”
The charger for PokeComs is a pad only a few millimeters thin. Simply placing it on the pad charges it.
Subaru: “That's an electromagnetic induction type.”
Subaru's tone is filled with contempt, like he's saying, “Why are you bringing up something so irrelevant?”
Subaru: “While that may be wireless, it needs to be touching the pad for recharging to occur.”
Subaru: “The one I use in M45 is different. It's an electric/magnetic field resonance type.”
Akiho: “Um...?”
Akiho starts tilting her head mid-sentence.
Of course, if Akiho doesn't know what he's talking about, neither do I.
Subaru: “For example, a top-level opera singer can resonate their voice and shatter a glass cup. Ringing any bells?”
Akiho: “Nope.”
Kaito: “Same.”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “Is that some sort of special attack?”
Subaru: “You watch too much anime. How could that be a special attack? Please, tell me how you would kill someone with it.”
Akiho: “N-No need to get so angry...”
Akiho: “Then tell me. How does it work?”
Subaru: “I just told you, through resonance.”
Subaru: “Voices and sounds vibrate the air, and that in turn creates energy.”
Oh, boy. I'm already lost.
I really don't care about any of this. Can I play Kill-Ballad instead?
Subaru: “All objects also have a natural frequency.”
Subaru: “When you apply that energy to an object from outside, the closer it is to the frequency of the object, the more the object will vibrate.”
Subaru: “This phenomenon is called resonance, also sometimes referred to as sympathetic vibration.”
Subaru: “Like the previous example, let's say the object is a cup, and the external vibration energy is an opera singer's voice.”
Subaru: “The opera singer hits the natural frequency of the cup with her voice. As a result, the cup shatters.”
Akiho: “Wowee. I bet I could do that.”
Subaru: “You can produce as much vocal volume as an opera singer?”
Akiho: “Oh, well, maybe not. I guess the volume of the voice is important.”
Subaru: “The higher the volume, the larger the energy becomes. Enough to shatter a cup.”
Akiho: “But M45 doesn't have a device that can make sounds like that, does it?”
Subaru: “The opera singer was simply an example to explain resonance. Don't try to apply it to a wireless power source.”
Akiho: “Grr...”
Subaru: “A wireless power source uses resonance between two coils separated at a distance.”
Subaru: “When a current flows into the sending coil, it resonates with the electric fields and magnetic fields around it.”
Subaru: “By doing this, it causes the electrical current to flow into the receiving coil.”
Subaru: “The Joe Kit Company wireless power source I have can resonate even when the transceivers are over 20 meters apart.”
Akiho: “Huh...”
Subaru: “There are three merits to using a wireless power source.”
Subaru: “The biggest one for M45 is that, as I said before, there's no need to worry about onboard batteries running out.”
Subaru: “As long as the power source is on, an electrical current will constantly be sent.”
Subaru: “That means the pile bunkers can be used whenever necessary, with no need to consider power consumption.”
Subaru: “The second merit is ease of maintenance. There's no need to swap out batteries, reducing the workload.”
Subaru: “And finally, there's no overheating. Unlike batteries, it doesn't accumulate heat.”
Subaru: “Heat is a hobby robot's archenemy. It can distort the body, and is oft the source of breakdowns and malfunctions.”
Subaru: “Its weight is higher than ordinary batteries. But even then, equipping a wireless power source was necessary.”
Akiho: “This kinda feels like an advertisement. I'm sold! Are they expensive?”
Subaru: “The ones for hobby robots cost tens of thousands of yen.”
Akiho: “T-Tens of thousands?! And here I am sweating over paying Doc the few thousand I owe him!”
Akiho closes in on Subaru.
Her eyes look bloodshot.
Akiho: “Where did you get all that money?! Answer me, Subaru!”
Subaru: “The prize money from ROBO-ONE where else?”
Akiho: “Oh, that's right...”
And just like that, Akiho is despondent.
Akiho: “Prize money, huh? Right, prize money, hahaha. Must be nice to be free to use it...”
I guess she still hasn't let go of that.
Not that it's got anything to do with me.
Kaito: “You all done with your little lecture?”
With things sounding about done, I make the conscious decision to cut in. Who cares about the mechanical details?
Kaito: “Just fill me in on what I need to know. I don't got time to deal with your rambling.”
It's taking up my precious Kill-Ballad time.
Subaru: “You'll be operating the M45 at the World Championships.”
Subaru: “I have no intention of changing its basic mobility, so you'll have to adjust your fighting style to M45's specs.”
Kaito: “So, it's basically like a DLC character then. Makes sense.”
Subaru: “But there's one issue.”
Subaru: “I was planning on adapting the KB control scheme for the M45 so you could use it.”
Subaru: “But I never imagined that the program was written by the original creator of Kill-Ballad.”
Subaru: “It was odd. I couldn't see how you two lazy Robotics Club rejects could write a program like this one.”
Akiho: “Kai, he's making fun of you!”
Kaito: “You too, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Maybe I'll give him my custom ‘You big jerk!’ punishment...”
From the corner of my eyes, I see Akiho menacingly wiggling her fingers on both hands. I sigh.
Kaito: “You went to meet Koujiro Frau earlier, right? What did she say?”
Subaru: “She pretended she wasn't home.”
Ah, I see.
So he didn't even get to talk to her.
Subaru: “It's her program, so I can't use it without her express permission.”
Subaru: “And if she refuses to cooperate, we'll have to give up on the KB control system.”
Kaito: “Whoa, hey now. I didn't agree to that.”
Kaito: “If the controls aren't the same as KB's, I'm out. I can't operate M45 without it.”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, are you friends with Furugoori?”
Kaito: “I wouldn't call us friends. We just chatted a few times online.”
Kaito: “I took a shot in the dark and asked for the KB source code, but instead she made that control program for us in a day.”
Akiho: “She was a real lifesaver.”
Akiho: “Oh! That reminds me, I haven't thanked her yet.”
Kaito: “I don't think you have to.”
Subaru: “Could you try and convince her for us, Yashio-senpai? She refuses to even interact with me.”
Kaito: “C'mon! More stuff to do?”
Subaru: “Please? Or are we going to have to have another match?”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru's good enough that if we fought 100 matches, I'd probably lose thrice.
In other words, given enough time, he's in a position where he could get me to do anything.
I'm gonna really have to start setting some rules.
Kaito: “Don't give up just because she pretended to be out once. C'mon, I'm already doing this just to be nice.”
Kaito: “I'll see what I can do, too.”
Subaru: “Please do.”
Akiho: “Um... So, what will you do if she says you can't use her program?”
Kaito: “I won't go.”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “Th-Then instead of going to ROBO-ONE, you can devote yourself to GunBuild-1.”
Kaito: “Not happening.”
Subaru: “If Yashio-senpai won't enter, I'll simply go by myself.”
Akiho: “Uuugh.”
Akiho: “But don't forget GunBuild-1, okay?! If we don't start working on it soon, we won't make it in time for the Expo!”
Kaito: “If you forget about making me its pilot, I'll consider helping out.”
Subaru: “If you accept my proposals, I'd be happy to come help out after September on occasion.”
Akiho: “You big jerks!”
Akiho hits me with her usual hair ruffling attack, then distances herself from us.
Akiho: “You two are the worst! Ugh!”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “Wh-What was that just now?”
Kaito: “Her way of venting anger. Be careful, comrade.”
Subaru: “Huh. What nonsense.”
Kaito: “Pretty much.”
I bitterly smile, and fix up my hair.
Subaru faces me and offers me a controller.
Subaru: “Would you like to try moving it around? The KB system obviously hasn't been implemented yet.”
Kaito: “In that case, I'll pass.”
I then turn to look at M45.
I ask one of the questions that's been on my mind since ROBO-ONE.
Kaito: “Hey, so how do you aim those pile bunkers?”
Subaru: “They require no aiming. I fire them when the opponent is within distance directly in front of me.”
Kaito: “What about Y-axis adjustments?”
The Y-axis: up and down.
M45 and the Honorary Prez have totally different heights.
It's not just the Honorary Prez, either. Hobby robots come in all sorts of shapes and sizes.
When facing a short hobby robot, if M45 leveled its arm horizontally and fired, there's a good chance it'd whiff.
Subaru: “I investigate the opponent's general height, then adjust it before the match.”
Subaru: “For the pile bunker strike, the arm extends forward, and the angle is fixed.”
Kaito: “Doesn't that mean that depending on the distance, it might not hit?”
Subaru: “That's why it's limited to mid-range use.”
I get it now.
Kaito: “Ever consider putting a camera on its head for a first-person perspective? Then it could be aimed like in KB.”
Subaru: “Adding advanced systems like that would only complicate the program.”
Subaru: “Also, that perspective has a very narrow field of view. I could never discard rear visibility.”
Subaru: “One can get a far better grasp of the situation with an overhead view of the ring.”
Subaru: “It's nonsense in every sense of the word.”
Eh, you just have to get used to it.
I spend who-knows-how-many hours a day fighting in a first-person perspective.
Kaito: “Well, I guess with the pile bunker's ejection speed, there's no need for precise aiming. Nobody can dodge that.”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “Hm? What's up?”
Subaru gives me a probing look.
Subaru: “And yet you did. You dodged it.”
Kaito: “I did...”
He probably wants to know about my attack.
Subaru: “Your reaction speed at that time was unnatural. Even the word ‘nonsense’ wouldn't suffice.”
Subaru: “May I ask? How did you do it?”
Kaito: “I don't want to answer that.”
I don't wanna think about my attacks, and I certainly don't want to talk about them.
If I could, I'd make them go away forever right here and now.
But it's already been nine years since the accident, huh.
“The MF Anemone Mass Fainting Incident.”
That's what they called it in the newspaper headlines.
The MF Anemone was a ferry linking Kagoshima Harbor to Tanegashima's Nishinoomote Harbor.
Nine years ago, on September 11th, 2010, the very same day that the TNSC launched the H-ⅡA Rocket Flight 18...
An incident occurred.
About 30 minutes before arriving at Nishinoomote, the 110 passengers and crew members began complaining about feeling ill.
Within minutes, everyone aboard the ferry suddenly lost consciousness.
For about 30 minutes, the ship was left running and drifted deep into the East China Sea.
Fortunately, most of the people woke up, and thanks to the captain's spot-on orders, the ship returned to its course without any major incidents. 
It safely arrived at Nishinoomote one hour behind schedule. There were no fatalities, so it was barely covered by the media.
However, no matter how much the police investigated, the cause of the mass fainting remains unknown.
In addition, some of the passengers were left with serious aftereffects.
That's me and Akiho.
At the time, we were just fourth graders in elementary school.
It was normal at our school to ride the ferry between Kagoshima and Tanegashima for “ship field trips.”
It was a Saturday, and there was supposed to be a rocket launch that night, so I really didn't want to go.
We were gonna head to Kagoshima in the morning, sightsee in Kagoshima for half a day, then return via Anemone at night.
After the accident, Akiho was left unconscious for two days, and me for three.
Misa-nee said that everyone thought we'd never wake up. But somehow, Akiho and I miraculously came back.
Since then, me and Akiho have what we call Slo-mo and Fast-Forward. These attacks are our aftereffects.
There are others who were left with aftereffects, too. Our ages all vary, as do the types of attacks.
Things ranging from mild insomnia to serious memory loss. There's no consistency or relation in the symptoms.
Doctors call it Elephant-Mouse Syndrome, apparently.
For me, one second in reality is expanded to about 30 seconds of perception. From the outside, my reflexes seem superhuman.
According to the doc, during Slo-mo, only one second passes, but my heart rate jumps up tens of times over the norm.
Simply put, it beats about 30 times in a single second.
Nobody's really sure how that alters my perception, though.
Akiho's FF is the exact opposite. Her heart only beats three times in 30 seconds.
The cause and cure are both unknown.
The doctors just kinda gave up after a while.
The Anemone started suffering a series of serious malfunctions after the accident, so it was scrapped about one year later.
It's rare for ferries to be junked before the end of their lifespan like that, so some think that's proof that the MF Anemone was at fault.
But the truth remains in the dark. Geez. There are so many unknowns that I wanna laugh at how annoying it is.
Subaru: “Senpai? Are you okay?”
Kaito: “Huh? Whazzat?”
Subaru: “You suddenly went quiet.”
Subaru doesn't look remotely worried with his sour expression. Frankly, I'd be more creeped out if he was worried.
Kaito: “Thanks to you, I was reminded of something extremely unpleasant.”
Subaru: “I see. So, you have no intention of telling me.”
Kaito: “Look, I'll tell you this much. It wasn't a special attack on my end.”
Kaito: “Also, you're forbidden from asking Aki-chan about it.”
Subaru: “This has something to do with the Prez?”
Kaito: “If you pry any deeper, I'm gonna tell the entire school who Pleiades really is.”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru: “Was that reaction speed voluntary or coincidental?”
Kaito: “I guess you could say it was coincidental. In a sense.”
Subaru: “Understood. Then I'll exclude it from our battle strategy.”
Looks like he doesn't intend on digging any deeper.
It really helps that he's so understanding on this.
Kaito: “Let me know when you've got the Kill-Ballad system in M45. Until then, I'm not doing a thing.”
That's what I've always done up until now, so...
If I give Subaru special treatment, Akiho would have my head.
Kaito: “Also, it's kind of suffocating talking to you. Why so serious?”
Kaito: “You should be more like Aki-chan. Take it easy.”
Oops, I accidently said what I was thinking.
Subaru: “As far as I'm concerned, that easy-going attitude of yours makes me want to puke.”
Kaito: “Well gee, thanks.”
It's kinda refreshing to have someone be so nasty, so I end up laughing at his words.
