The next day, after school.
I decide to go and have a little chat with Daitoku-san.
Oh, a message. Maybe it's her.
I sent her one earlier about wanting to talk about urban legends.
Kaito: “Open message.”
Sh-She sounds really psyched.
This is giving me a totally different vibe from the one she normally has.
But I might be able to get some valuable info out of her.
She's my only hope!
Akiho: “Kai! Wait! Hold ooon!”
When I grab my bag and try to leave the classroom, Akiho grabs me by the collar. She's on cleaning duty.
Akiho: “Don't tell me you're leaving?!”
Kaito: “I'm not on cleaning duty today.”
Akiho: “I'm not talking about that. Come to club today.”
Akiho: “Mitchie told me earlier that a newspaper is here for an interview.”
Kaito: “An interview for what?”
Akiho: “About us getting second place at ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “So you gotta be there too.”
Kaito: “Oh, I'm gonna take a rain check on that. Just answer with whatever, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Wait, are you sure? I'm gonna tell them every juicy detail about you. Hehe.”
Akiho grins at me. She sure does get carried away about everything.
Akiho: “Anyway, I think getting second at ROBO-ONE is pretty amazing.”
Akiho: “Honestly, there should be lots of interviews lined up for us.”
Akiho: “And if we reveal the identity of Mr. Pleiades, it'll cause an even bigger stir.”
Kaito: “If you do that, Subaru'll get all pissy and quit for sure.”
Akiho: “I know. I'd never do something that mean.”
Akiho: “Still, it'd be nice if there was a little more excitement over our success.”
Akiho: “Then we could get a bunch of people asking to sponsor us!”
Akiho: “Haaah, if only. Hehe.”
Akiho absentmindedly drifts off into her world of delusion.
Kaito: “So, uh, can I go now?”
Akiho: “Ah, wait! Don't go!”
Kaito: “Why not? I said you can handle the interview.”
Akiho: “That's that. This is this.”
Akiho: “You didn't come to club yesterday or the day before. You're ditching too much.”
Kaito: “Well it's not like there's a difference if I'm there or not, right?”
Kaito: “You got an instant power up in the form of Subaru-kun. Things'll go way better if you two work together on the robot.”
It's then that Akiho lets go of my collar.
She has a dumbfounded look on her face.
Akiho: “Did you really think it was like that? Is that why you weren't coming to club?”
Kaito: “No, I'm not saying anything like—”
I try to speak, but she sticks a finger against my nose.
Akiho: “You're thinking too deeply about it! Remember, you're an official member of the Robotics Club too!”
Akiho: “We would've never gotten to the finals of ROBO-ONE without you, Kai.”
Akiho: “I'm really grateful that you're a member.”
Akiho: “So, stop worrying so much and come hang with us. 'Kay?”
Kaito: “Uh, yeah... Sure.”
She's so sincere that I can't possibly correct her at this point.
Akiho: “Whew, that's a relief! Guess that solves the ditching problem!”
Akiho: “I actually thought you were going to quit on me, so I was really nervous.”
Kaito: “I'm not quitting, but I do have plans today. Ahah.”
Akiho: “Huh?! What plans?!”
Akiho: “If you say video games, you're getting the ‘you big jerk’ punishment.”
Considering what I'm usually up to, I get why she'd come to that conclusion.
Wait, what the heck kind of punishment is that?
Kaito: “Today's different. I'm meeting up with Daitoku-san.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Akiho: “Why? Actually, I saw you two suddenly started following each other on Twipo today. When did you get so friendly?”
Kaito: “I wouldn't say we're that friendly.”
Akiho: “Then you're going to get more friendly with her now?”
Akiho starts poking me with the handle of the broom she's holding.
Akiho: “Are you going on a date? Is this a mistake because of your youth?”
Kaito: “Please. It's nothing lewd like that.”
Akiho: “I figured. You're the type who'd choose a game over a girl. Hehe.”
Kaito: “I'm touched. You know me so well, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “How long do you think we've been together for?”
Akiho: “So?”
Akiho: “Why are you meeting up with Daitoku-san?”
Kaito: “I conspire to reclaim my peaceful gamer life.”
Akiho: “What the heck?”
Hrm, I figured she wouldn't understand.
But it'd be a real pain to explain this from start to finish.
Kaito: “If you want me to go into detail, you gotta beat me in a match. Game?”
Akiho: “Argh!”
Akiho: “You're nothing but a no-good serial ditcher!”
She squares her shoulders and goes back to cleaning.
Yeah, I figured that would make her mad.
But I know plenty of ways to win Akiho over again.
Kaito: “By the way, did you give up on the prize money yet?”
The one million yen prize for second place in ROBO-ONE has been seized by the school.
While it'll be usable as club funds next year, we'll have left the school by then. Naturally, we won't have it by the Expo.
Akiho shakes her head while sweeping the floor with the broom.
Akiho: “Hahh, but you know...”
Akiho: “I really tried to come up with a way. Getting a loan from someone or finding a loophole.”
Akiho: “But at the end of the day, I'd just be causing trouble for someone else.”
Akiho: “If possible, I want to go to the Expo with a robot we built fair and square.”
Kaito: “I can admire that, but do you have a way of procuring funds at this point?”
Akiho: “Of course not.”
Akiho: “Yesterday, I tried going around to businesses in Nakatane to negotiate, but they wouldn't hear me out.”
Akiho: “I did manage to collect 2,000 yen in donations, though...”
Kaito: “2,000 yen won't even cut it to repay our debt to the Robot Clinic.”
Akiho's clearly dispirited.
Akiho: “Uggh, I'm too ashamed to see Doc... Actually, he might kill me when he sees me.”
Kaito: “Then how about getting Mitchie to introduce you to a potential sponsor?”
Akiho: “He's an advisor just for show. The brass doesn't understand things like that.”
Ouch, that's harsh.
I mean, he is a teacher and the Robotics Club's advisor. He was even the first club president.
But I guess after getting to know him over the last two years, she's lost all trust in him.
Time for me to drop the bomb.
Kaito: “I hear one of Mitchie's relatives is the president of some big company.”
I try and deliver the info as casually as possible.
Akiho: “...!”
Akiho throws her broom aside and closes in on me.
Akiho: “Tell me more! Right. Now.”
Akiho dashes to the faculty room. Guess she doesn't care about the test schedule I told her about a few moments earlier.
I see Akiho off and head toward the exit. There are still lots of students leaving school after classes.
Daitoku-san is standing in an easy to find spot. Our eyes meet, and she bows her head a little.
Kaito: “Thank goodness. I was worried I wouldn't find you because you're so tiny. What a relief.”
Junna: “T-Tiny...”
Junna: “I know I'm tiny, but...”
Daitoku-san slumps her shoulders a little, but immediately regains her composure and walks up to me.
Junna: “Um, you wrote in your message that you wanted to ask me about Uchugaoka Park...”
Kaito: “Correcto.”
Junna: “Then, um, shall we get going?”
Kaito: “Er, you mean to Uchugaoka Park?”
Junna: “Yeah.”
I don't mind, but I thought Daitoku-san's house was in the opposite direction.
She immediately starts walking, leaving me stunned in place.
Daitoku-san's really excited about this.
And for some reason, she looks a lot more cheerful than she normally does. There's a skip in her step.
Uh, are we going on a picnic or something?
