Mizuka: “Welcome.”
Kaito: “Hey. Looking beautiful as always.”
Mizuka: “Hmph.”
Mizuka-san gives me a bored look, then goes back to sorting sales slips.
Mizuka: “Is this about the sponsor search? In that case, I haven't found anything yet, so come back another time.”
Oh, that's right. I had her doing that, too.
I wonder how things went with the Space Candy Company.
Has Akiho made any progress with the president?
Kaito: “It's not about that. There's something else I wanted to ask.”
Mizuka: “You want info, you know the drill.”
For just a moment, Mizuka-san's languid eyes regain their brilliance.
Kaito: “You really are a sadist, Mizuka-san.”
Mizuka: “By buying local products, you're contributing to the local economy. Ain't that swell?”
Kaito: “Then do you wanna eat one with me?”
Mizuka: “Hell no.”
This woman is a demon...
Kaito: “Hrm, but I really don't think this is worth the pain and suffering.”
Kaito: “How about I just ask, and you can decide if it's worth answering?”
Mizuka: “Haaah, good grief. You've got one helluva mouth on you, I'll give you that.”
Mizuka-san shrugs and stops sorting the sales slips.
Mizuka: “All right, talk.”
Nailed it. I lean in closer to Mizuka-san.
Kaito: “I'm kiiind of looking into a certain person.”
Kaito: “If you don't know them, I'm not planning to investigate any further.”
Mizuka: “Stop dancing around the subject and ask. I'm busy.”
How so?
I'm literally the only other person in the store.
Kaito: “I doubt they're from this island, and they seem to have died some years ago.”
Kaito: “Have you ever heard of a person named Kimijima Kou?”
The very moment I say his name.
Mizuka: “...”
All of the color drains from Mizuka-san's face, almost as if someone poked a hole in it.
I've never seen her react like this before.
I might be as shocked as she is.
Does she actually know this guy?
Mizuka: “Where?”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Mizuka: “Where did you learn that name...?”
I didn't fail to notice that Mizuka-san's lips were trembling slightly as she muttered this.
