The elevator door opens heavily.
The office that I step into is deserted.
The 17th floor of the Exoskeleton Company HQ in Aoyama is exclusively occupied by the HUG Testing Department.
While I'm usually doing PR work on TV, my real occupation is as a test pilot for HUG prototypes.
Three million HUG units have been sold worldwide, but only a small number of the existing series models are for sale.
Most prototypes never see the light of day, only undergoing repeated tests in the Department.
It's closing hours, so the lights are off in the test chamber. The pilots who work overtime are nowhere to be found.
I already checked beforehand, but I take out my PokeCom anyway to reconfirm if there are still people left in the office.
Things remain unchanged, which means there's only one person still here.
I head straight to the Section Chief's room.
The office door is wide open.
I look inside the room to see Sawada sitting in his chair, looking at a monitor mounted to the wall.
Misaki: “Excuse me.”
I then step into the room.
I close the door behind me.
Sawada gives me a quick glance, then appears to point me to the monitor with a jerk of his chin.
On the monitor, footage from the ROBO-ONE grand finals that took place a few days ago is being shown.
But it's not the footage aired on TV. It's video taken from the venue's guest seats that day.
He probably acquired it from someone in the audience. He truly is a cunning man.
Sawada: “Did you see it?”
Misaki: “The match?”
Sawada: “No, his movements.”
It's obvious which of the two operators he's referring to.
Sawada: “The operators weren't shown in the on-air footage. It took a lot of effort to find video with them in it.”
Misaki: “I could have made arrangements for it had you told me.”
Sawada: “No need. I'm sure you are busy.”
Misaki: “...”
Sawada: “More importantly, about him.”
Sawada points the pen he was fiddling with at the monitor.
Sawada: “While only temporary, it is clear that he displayed some unnatural movements. The unease I felt that day wasn't just my imagination.”
Sawada: “He is abnormal. There's no doubt about it.”
Sawada: “If nothing else, his actions were humanly impossible.”
Misaki: “I've compiled the investigation reports concerning that boy. Would you like to see them?”
Sawada: “That certainly took a long time.”
Misaki: “What do you mean?”
Sawada: “I do not intend to distrust you. Give me your report.”
Misaki: “I'll send the data.”
I fiddle with my PokeCom.
Sawada: “Open message.”
Sawada receives it and looks at his own PokeCom's screen.
Misaki: “Yashio Kaito, 18 years of age. Born May 5, 2001 in Tanegashima, Kagoshima Prefecture. Currently a student.”
Misaki: “He was a victim of the MF Anemone Incident nine years ago.”
Sawada: “Hoh...”
Sawada's sharp gaze pierces through me.
Sawada: “Does that mean those superhuman abilities of his are related to the Silent Weapon?”
Misaki: “Yes.”
Misaki: “Yashio Kaito's sudden increase in reflexes...”
Misaki: “...Is an aftereffect of the experiment.”
