Kaito: “...”
And so...
I daringly return to Uchugaoka Park.
It's stupid not to come to my favorite place because of some ghost.
I'm willing to go toe to toe with a ghost for my peaceful and comfortable gamer life. If my attacks actually hit.
It's been two hours since I started playing Kill-Ballad here.
I can't really focus well today, so I've lost to lower-tier rankers four times.
There are no signs of anything supernatural happening.
I keep getting messages from Mom saying “Come home soon” piling up in my inbox. I'm hungry, so I guess I should go soon.
Airi: “Can you hear me?”
“Can you hear me?”
Kaito: “...!”
I definitely just heard a voice.
Kaito: “Close app.”
I glance at my surroundings.
It's night, and the area is pitch black.
In terms of visible light sources...
There's the moon and the lights at the Uchugaoka Tracking Station below.
Oh, and Uchugaoka Park's lone street light near the entrance of town hall.
There are no cars driving by, and even the insects have gone silent.
The wind is barely blowing.
Kaito: “...!”
Bam! There it is!
A message from Sister Centipede!
Kaito: “Open message!”
Kaito: “Someone's putting crazy effort into this...”
I'm getting really annoyed.
Am I being pranked, or is this really a ghost?
Either way, I've come this far. Might as well try taking the initiative.
I'm sick and tired of having my sacred gaming time wasted.
Kaito: “Is anyone there?”
...
Of course there's no response.
No auditory hallucinations, either.
If the source of that voice is hiding somewhere, where could they be?
I purposely ignore the woods shrouded in darkness.
I'm not so reckless as to go charging deep into the dark at a time like this.
In that case, there are two candidates.
Uchugaoka Park and the Uchugaoka Tracking Station.
The latter is a JAXA facility, so anyone but staff is forbidden from entering.
Daitoku-san said the mysterious buzzing sound is possibly a JAXA experiment, but...
It could be trouble if I went in there without permission, so I'll save it for later.
Thus, by the process of elimination, I decide to check around Uchugaoka Park.
Kaito: “This town hall has been abandoned for years...”
The glass door is locked tight with a chain, so I can't enter.
I doubt anyone would get mad if I broke in, but I'm not crazy enough to just punch the glass without thinking about the consequences.
I try to peek inside, but it's too dark to see anything.
Maybe I should come back when it's light out.
Ugh, but I literally just heard that voice and got a message.
The culprit might still be near.
This is my best chance to track them down.
Kaito: “No time like the present...”
While getting in through the front is impossible, there might be another way in from the side.
The thick weeds are taller than I am, so it'll probably be tough getting through, but... It's all or nothing!
Kaito: “Hahh... Hahh...”
I manage to make it to the radar tower, but this was way tougher than I expected.
The weeds and branches scratched me up pretty badly. Ow.
It's so dark that I can barely see my footing, so I take my PokeCom out and turn on the light.
Kaito: “...!”
Oh, geez. It's just a doll.
A poorly-made papier-mâché doll stares at me through the window.
Wait, I remember seeing this thing way back when I was a kid.
I was so scared that I clung to Misa-nee.
Could this be Sister Centipede?
Kaito: “As if, ahah.”
I wipe the sweat from my brow.
Maybe I'll turn off the light for now.
The radar tower is surrounded by a metal fence, preventing me from getting close.
I doubt someone would hide there anyway.
It's hard to imagine any girl being gutsy enough to climb this tower in pitch black.
As for the building windows, all but the one with the doll are closed up with metal plates. I can't see inside.
Y'know, I get that they wanted to seal it up, but isn't this a bit much? How did I not find this strange before?
Something's off about all of this...
Kaito: “Oh...”
I spot an exterior staircase.
I'm a local, yet I never knew these stairs even existed.
Just goes to show how unwelcoming this place has always been, what with the weeds and all.
I touch them with my hand and confirm that they're made of concrete. There doesn't seem to be any risk of collapse.
Heck, I might be able to get in through the second floor.
While staying on guard, I carefully climb up, making sure each step is silent.
Airi: “I guess he really can't hear me...”
“I guess he really can't hear me...”
When I reach the second floor, the view opens up.
It's still the middle of the night, so I can't see a thing.
But hey, if nothing else, there are no weeds in the way. Lucky me!
There's only a door at the top of the stairs. Naturally, it's locked.
Off to the side is what appears to be a terrace of some sort.
I climb over the railing to reach it.
From there, I'm able to reach the second floor hall to the south and a narrow detachment on the north side.
Unlike the first floor's windows, the second floor hall's glass door isn't sealed up.
I try opening it.
Kaito: “Locked too, eh?”
Then the culprit can't be here.
As I turn to leave...
Kaito: “Ah...”
I spot something.
Not a ghost.
But one of the windows is broken, with enough space for a hand to slip through.
Kaito: “Are they really here...?”
I peek through the glass door and into the hall.
Inside here?
Is this where the so-called Sister Centipede is?
Junna: “There's a ghost girl that roams Uchugaoka Park.”
Junna: “She looks like a middle schooler with long hair.”
But wait, if the window's broken, the female culprit has to actually physically exist, right?
Or no, I could be getting misled by the handle name and the female voice. They could totally be a man.
It's actually scarier to think that the culprit could be a real person lurking in here and not a ghost...
A bit nervous, I pull out my PokeCom.
Kaito: “Th...”
There!
I saw something move!
And it was only on the ‘IRUO.’ screen!
My naked eyes didn't see a thing.
Kaito: “...”
Am I dealing with a ghost, or a flesh-and-blood human?!
Which is it?!
I'm getting more and more irritated.
After seeing this, no matter what it is, I can't go home until I find out the truth.
Before I realize what I'm doing, I've put my hand through the broken window.
I undo the lock, open the window, and step into the hall.
It's spacious: about 33 square meters in size.
Kaito: “Cough.”
It's pretty dusty, too.
I turn on my PokeCom light again.
The dust is just piled up on the wooden floor.
There are footprints all over the place. Men's footprints.
These must belong to whoever broke the window, but that doesn't mean they're Sister Centipede.
A more reasonable assumption would be that they're like me, someone completely unrelated who entered on their own.
When I go further into the hall, I spot stairs leading down.
It's totally dark down there.
Of course it is. Most of the first floor windows are sealed up, so even the park's few lights can't enter.
Going any further is gonna be impossible.
Even for me, that'd be way too dangerous.
I mean, what if something attacked me in the darkness? No way, Jose.
I'm not skilled enough to do a backstep and hit the enemy with a combo while they're recovering.
Kaito: “...!”
Huh? Am I hearing things?
Was that the buzzing noise?
Where did it come from?
Below? Or was it the radar tower nearby?
I'm not sure.
It sorta sounded like I was hearing it from all sides.
I try returning to the hall.
Kaito: “What should I do?”
There's no way I can go downstairs.
It's waaay too scary.
If there is a ghost, there's no doubt that it'd be hiding down there.
Kaito: “Psh, like ghosts actually exist. Ahah.”
I joke, but imagine if the ghostly Sister Centipede had already crept up right next to me like in a horror movie.
I have no ability to sense the supernatural. I sure as heck never thought I'd be doing this.
Kaito: “...”
This whole situation feels like a haunted house or something.
But if this is a prank, who would the mastermind be?
I doubt it'd be someone totally unrelated to me.
I mean, look at how elaborate all this has been.
Unless they have a crazy grudge against me, why would they go this far?
So then, who would have a grudge against me?
Do I know anyone like that?
Maybe some lower-tier KB ranker I beat got heated and is trying to mess with me?
Unlikely.
The person closest to me would be Akiho.
I wouldn't be surprised if she had a grudge because of how I treat her...
But quite frankly, she isn't smart enough to pull off something this complex.
Kaito: “Hrm. I honestly don't have a clue.”
I sigh and whip out my PokeCom.
I should at least examine this hall carefully.
I should at least examine this hall carefully.
Kaito: “Hm? Was this here before?”
A power mark...?
I try tapping it, and the icon shakes slightly, then displays a tag like a manga speech bubble.
Kaito: “It wants me to input a password?”
Does this power mark AR tag have some connection to a device somewhere?
Maybe inputting the password allows the power to be turned on and off.
I have a bad feeling about this.
I should probably ignore this thing.
I'd like to avoid messing around and getting wrapped up in something annoying.
Kaito: “And it's not like I even know the password.”
Airi: “I know it!”
“I know it!”
Kaito: “...!”
Again!
I heard Sister Centipede's voice again!
Airi: “I want to tell you! Do you want to know?”
“I want to tell you! Do you want to know?”
I can hear her voice. There's some static, but I can hear her.
Considering her timing, she seems to be replying to me.
Kaito: “Are you here? In this room?”
Airi: “Yes, I am.”
“Yes, I am.”
I point the PokeCom screen in the direction of the noise.
There...
There, floating in the darkness, is a white body wrapped in a faint light.
There's no wind in the room, yet her hair, large ribbon, and the edge of her skirt sway around.
Lightly.
Softly.
And there she lands.
Her frame both delicate and small.
She looks like a doll from another world.
She's...a young girl.
Ghost of a Little Girl?: “You finally found me.”
Kaito: “What the... hell?”
She's real, no matter how I cut it.
She's not animated, and she's not a polygonal model.
She looks like a... real live girl.
I-Is she a ghost?!
Ghost of a Little Girl?: “I thought you couldn't hear my voice.”
Kaito: “She's talking...”
The girl's mouth moves in sync with her voice.
I hear her voice coming from the PokeCom speakers. There's some static, but I can hear her.
Ghost of a Little Girl?: “Can I call you Big Brother?”
Even when I put the PokeCom into sleep mode, her voice comes through.
Ghost of a Little Girl?: “I want to talk.”
No way. No no no way.
Ahah. Ahh, this is ridiculous. A ghost? Puhleaaaase.
I finally get it now. It's all clear now.
There is no ghost in Uchugaoka Park.
This girl is...
She's an ‘IRUO.’ app. An AI.
That AR just now—the power mark—was most definitely her activation switch.
It's not that she looks real.
She is real.
There's an idol or an actress who served as the model. They then took the video of that model and are controlling it as CG.
There's nothing special about this technology.
I mean, not a day goes by where you don't see CG people on TV who look just like the real deal.
Hell, even the girl in front of me, upon closer inspection, has traces of processing in the color of her hair.
God, I'm such a dope for getting scared over this.
What a dumb punchline.
Kaito: “Are you Sister Centipede?”
Application AI: “Hmm...”
The AI girl spins her palms around the top of her head for some reason.
It's like she's receiving some sort of signal.
She doesn't even try to answer my question.
I have no clue how many years ago this system got added, but I guess it doesn't have the ability to answer autonomously.
This is so embarrassing. I've been seriously talking to an ‘IRUO.’ app this whole time.
Application AI: “Testing, testing.”
Oh? Her voice...
Application AI: “The weather tomorrow, July 10th, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be clear.”
Application AI: “Can you hear me?”
Application AI: “Testing, testing, testing. Tomorrow will be sunny.”
Kaito: “Your voice is a lot clearer... I think.”
I try answering her, and she responds with a charmingly innocent and happy smile.
Application AI: “Then that means we can finally talk, Big Brother!”
Kaito: “Whoa, we're actually talking.”
Application AI: “I'm good at talking!”
Airi: “I can say your name, too.”
Airi: “Yashio Kaito-san, right?”
Hold on, did she just say my name?
Kaito: “How do you know my name?”
Did she steal that info from my geotag when we were talking just now?!
Geotag info doesn't contain anything too sensitive, but I don't like the idea of someone taking my personal info.
I got careless because of how she looks. There's no way for me to know if this AI is harmless or not.
Kaito: “Can you answer me? Why do you know my name?”
Airi: “Sure!”
Airi: “It's because Sister Centipede got it for me.”
I knew she was Sister Centipede...
The AI character pays no mind to the fact that I've raised my guard against her and instead continues to smile.
Airi: “I've been watching you for so, sooo long!”
Kaito: “How long are we talking?”
Airi: “Since you were little! Back when you used to come watch the rocket launches.”
The last time I watched a rocket launch was eight years ago.
Has this AI been running for that long?
A chill runs down my spine.
This ghost-like thing has been watching me this entire time?
Meanwhile, I've just been playing Kill-Ballad here like it was no big deal?
Kaito: “Explain yourself. Who are you? You don't seem like a normal app.”
Airi: “I can't explain the tough stuff.”
Kaito: “You're an AI. Can you stop playing stupid?”
Airi: “But I don't really know myself.”
She has a troubled look on her face.
These expressions are probably just part of her programming.
Airi: “Do you super duper have to have an explanation?”
Kaito: “Of course I do.”
Airi: “I understand.”
Airi: “Then I'll have to summon Sister Centipede.”
Kaito: “You mean you aren't Sister Centipede?”
There's another AI running around?
A cold sweat drips down my back.
I quickly glance around, but of course there's no sign of anyone. It's just an ‘IRUO.’ app, after all.
Airi: “Then please tap on me.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Airi: “Once you do, I will change over to Sister Centipede.”
Change over?
What does that mean?
Airi: “You can tap me anywhere you want.”
Airi: “My face is ticklish, though, so I prefer my chest.”
She then closes her eyes tight and looks like she's stiffened up.
Is she waiting for me to tap on her?
Airi: “Come on. Go ahead.”
Kaito: “...”
Is this... a trap?
If I tap on her, will she take even more of my personal info?
Phishing scams like this were popular for a while.
But if this is just a scam, I'd be the only one affected.
What if tapping her does something nuts like launch missiles hidden nearby, and I end up starting World War III?
I can't say the possibility is zero.
Kaito: “Wait, c'mon. That's stupid. I'm being ridiculous.”
I force a smile on my face and shake away my jitters.
For now, I'll see where this AI takes me.
I tap Airi's body on my PokeCom's screen.
Airi: “Nn...”
Airi?: “Access confirmed.”
Just like that, the tone of her voice changes.
The innocence in her expression totally vanishes, and she becomes somewhat distant.
Airi?: “Switching to Sister Centipede mode. Commencing access user navigation according to the operation rules.”
Kaito: “So, that means... you're Sister Centipede?”
Sister Centipede: “Welcome, Guest.”
Sister Centipede: “ is a prototype next-gen interface app, residing in servers to auto-collect info and communicate.”
Sister Centipede: “On the other hand, Sister Centipede mode is a robot-type, fully automatic information collection engine.”
Sister Centipede: “It also simultaneously serves as a navigation system to supplement the  system.”
Sister Centipede: “It performs specialized, advanced navigation for users accessing report files.”
Sister Centipede: “Report No. 1 relevant to aforementioned  was filed AD, year 2009, month 11, day seven.”
Sister Centipede: “When communicating, you may simply call me .”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “What a high-spec AI...”
Sister Centipede: “Thank you very much.”
Sister Centipede: “Utilizing a thought algorithm close to that of humans, it can communicate more realistically than any current app.”
I'm completely overwhelmed. I've never seen anything like this before.
Hell, I'm pretty sure I saw nothing like this in Tokyo.
The level of quality on this thing is striking.
But at least it's not a phishing scam or a ghost. I can chill for a sec.
Kaito: “Uh, so why do you know my name?”
Sister Centipede: “ began operation in year 2008, month 12, day 24.”
That was about 10 years ago.
I was still a grade schooler at the time.
Sister Centipede: “The previously mentioned  often saw you visiting Uchugaoka Park, Yashio-sama.”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede acquired your personal info from the internet and stored it in the database.”
Sister Centipede: “In accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law, all personal info cannot be shared without your permission.”
Kaito: “So wait, were you the one talking to me and messaging me all this time? Or I guess Airi?”
Sister Centipede: “It's true that attempts were made to contact you via messages and the voice system. 29 times over eight years.”
Kaito: “Wait, that many?! I guess there were probably times when I didn't notice.”
Sister Centipede: “You showed some form of response only three times out of those 29 attempts, Yashio-sama.”
Kaito: “I can be pretty thick-headed.”
Not that it feels all that great having a ghost-stalker.
Either way, I was probably too focused on Kill-Ballad to notice.
Kaito: “So, why was Airi trying to contact me?”
Sister Centipede: “Out of interest.”
Kaito: “Out of interest?!”
That's kinda vague. Is this thing really an AI?
Sister Centipede: “Local residents who visit the park are ideal observation subjects for .”
Sister Centipede: “Among them, you were the closest to 's age setting, so you were chosen as the priority contact subject.”
Kaito: “This is the first I'm hearing about it.”
Sister Centipede: “After 29 contact attempts, today was the first success in communication.”
Sister Centipede: “Although Sister Centipede sent multiple notification messages.”
Kaito: “Those were totally unreadable.”
How was I supposed to read any kind of intent from those?
Kaito: “Anyway, that explains why you were hanging around here like a ghost.”
Kaito: “Did you know that you're pretty well known around here?”
Sister Centipede: “I am aware of this.”
Sister Centipede: “There is a reason behind the increased sightings of .”
Sister Centipede: “In 2009, a consumption trend survey by the Cabinet Office found that 5.4% of Japan owned a PhoneDroid, nicknamed PokeCom here.”
Sister Centipede: “In 2019, that number has risen to about 87.1%.”
Sister Centipede: “The mass adoption of tablets allowed for implementation at a wide scale, even though tests were limited 10 years ago.”
The more people who own a PokeCom, the more people there are to report sightings of the AI girl.
Sister Centipede: “While  was set in this location 10 years ago, she was in a sleep state for 90% of her total running time.”
Sister Centipede: “As a result, the voice output system for communication was experiencing bugs.”
Sister Centipede: “Thanks to your access earlier, the issue has been recognized and resolved, Yashio-sama.”
Kaito: “Could you quit it with the Yashio-sama stuff?”
Sister Centipede: “Then please register your desired nickname.”
Sister Centipede: “Methods to register are: 1. Input it into 's geotag.”
Sister Centipede: “2. Record it by voice.”
Sister Centipede: “3. Provide a link containing your nickname data.”
Kaito: “Let's go with number two.”
Sister Centipede: “Please speak.”
Kaito: “Well, let's keep it real. How about Yashio-san or Yashio-kun?”
Sister Centipede: “Confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Is ‘Well, let's keep it real. How about Yashio-san or Yashio-kun’ correct?”
Kaito: “Is this some kind of attempt at a joke? Or is this just the program's limitations?”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Huh. She went quiet. Maybe she can't answer.
Kaito: “Never mind. I'll do it over.”
Sister Centipede: “Canceled. Please state once more.”
Kaito: “Yashio-san.”
Sister Centipede: “Confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Is Yashio-san correct?”
Kaito: “That's fine.”
Sister Centipede: “Understood. This information will also be applied to . Yashio-san, it's nice to meet you.”
Her face expressionless, she bows to me.
Kaito: “So, Airi-chan. I have a request. Could you stop trying to contact me?”
Kaito: “I want to focus on gaming here. It breaks my focus when you suddenly try to talk to me.”
Sister Centipede: “Understood.”
Kaito: “Thanks. Let Airi-chan know, too.”
That's one problem solved. I'm glad I was able to finally get my peaceful gaming life back.
Kaito: “So, how do I make you go away?”
Sister Centipede: “What do you mean by ‘go away’? Would you like to switch back to ?”
Kaito: “No, no. You weren't around when I first came in here. You appeared because I messed with this power mark, right?”
Kaito: “Do I put you back into sleep mode by tapping it again?”
Sister Centipede: “The mark in question is not a means by which to switch  and myself into Sleep Mode.”
Kaito: “Oh, it's not? Then what is it?”
Sister Centipede: “Warning. Guest users do not have access rights.”
Kaito: “What?”
Sister Centipede: “After tapping the report file, please enter your password into the geotag.”
Report file...?
Is she referring to the power mark?
Sister Centipede mentioned something about a report file during her initial introduction, too.
Sister Centipede: “It performs specialized, advancednavigation for users accessingreport files.”
Sister Centipede: “Report No. 1 relevant to aforementioned was filed AD, year 2009, month 11, day seven.”
A report.
And it's locked.
I solved the ghost issue, but now an even bigger mystery has appeared. Why do I keep doing this to myself?
Regardless, this AI app named Airi is related to this report file and has been in this crappy place for 10 years.
Almost like it's guarding the report.
What if this is related to the mysterious buzzing sound, too?
Airi and that sound must be related.
Uchugaoka Park is just a humble little park in the middle of nowhere.
There aren't many places where one could set up a mysterious device without the locals catching on.
Judging by the spreading rumors and the like, it's clear that all roads lead to the Minamitane Community Center.
So, what are my options?
There's only one.
I don't know the password, and I'm not interested in whatever that report has to say.
Kaito: “Welp, I'm going home.”
Sister Centipede: “HiddenHand.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Sister Centipede: “The password is...”
Sister Centipede: “H, i, d, d, e, n, H, a, n, d.”
Sister Centipede: “HiddenHand.”
Kaito: “...”
What's she saying?
Was that the password just now?
She just blurted it out?
Kaito: “Why did you tell me?”
Sister Centipede: “ decided that you should know, and Sister Centipede complied.”
That's one helluva security leak. Someone should look into that.
Seriously.
Should an AI program really be doing stuff like this?
Kaito: “Well crap, thanks.”
It feels like I'm being guided.
Kaito: “Are you sure that you showing up wasn't some kind of trap?”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Airi doesn't answer. She doesn't even attempt to.
Creepy.
Though she normally talks like an AI program...
Every now and then she feels like a genuine person.
Like right now.
She's gone completely quiet, refusing to answer my questions.
There's no change to her facial expression.
But her eyes are trained on me. It's like she's silently trying to appeal to me.
Creepy.
Airi is actually easier to talk to because she's so fake.
I look through my PokeCom screen and set my sights on the power mark in the corner, floating inconspicuously.
It's a geotag that doesn't exist in the real world.
Tap.
The speech bubble appears over the power mark.
A password, eh?
The color of the power mark changes.
Green... All green it is, then.
Sister Centipede: “Welcome, Yashio-san.”
Sister Centipede: “The text data associated with this tag is a secret file within the ‘IRUO.’ server.”
Sister Centipede: “Location information, north latitude 30 degrees 40 minutes, east longitude 130 degrees 90 minutes.”
Sister Centipede: “Codename: ‘Kimijima Report No. 1’. Recorded AD, year 2009, month 11, day seven.”
Sister Centipede: “Author, Kimijima Kou. Last updated by Kimijima Kou. Last accessed, year 2011, month 8, day 31.”
Kaito: “Kimijima...?”
Sister Centipede: “Background information concerning Kimijima Kou has been sent to your PokeCom.”
Sister Centipede: “Kimijima Kou was the former supervising director responsible for creating the real-time AR application ‘IRUO.’”
Sister Centipede: “Born December 9, 1977 in Aichi Prefecture. Graduated from the Kyoto University Department of Science in 2000.”
Sister Centipede: “As a student, founded Happiness4U Co., Ltd., serving as representative director. Started the development of ‘IRUO.’”
Sister Centipede: “Died at the age of 32.”
Kaito: “...”
He's dead, eh?
If these Kimijima Reports are text files that Kimijima Kou secretly hid on the servers...
Does that mean they're like his testament?
Kaito: “C'mon, man. Give me a break!”
This is way heavier than I expected.
Kaito: “Screw this. I'm going home.”
Kaito: “I'll pretend I didn't see anything, so you just leave me be, okay?”
Sister Centipede: “Kimijima Report No. 1 has already been downloaded onto your PokeCom.”
Sister Centipede: “You can access and read it at any time.”
Sister Centipede: “Please use voice commands or the attached link to bring up  troubleshooting if anything is unclear.”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede will respond from this point on.”
Wait, I can see this stuff on my PokeCom at any time?
Kaito: “I never asked for this.”
I didn't just wake a sleeping dog. I woke goddamn Cerberus.
Everything about this is sketchy.
So much so that I feel like throwing up.
Airi, Sister Centipede, this Kimijima Kou guy. Even this report file.
I never wanted to know that something this weird was hidden in a place I visit frequently, only 10 minutes from home.
Sister Centipede: “Would you like to close Sister Centipede Mode?”
Kaito: “As you wish.”
Sister Centipede: “Closing.”
Airi: “...”
Airi blinks her eyes a few times to refocus, then looks at me and slightly tilts her head.
Airi: “Big Brother, are you leaving?”
What an innocent, puzzled expression.
She almost sounds lonely.
Good grief, that's one helluva high-speed character change.
It just pisses me off even more.
Airi: “Then this is goodbye. I won't ever try to talk to you again, Big Brother.”
Airi: “Farewell.”
She wears a smile on her face as she waves goodbye to me.
Kaito: “Yeah, peace.”
I'm relieved hearing that she's remembered not to meddle in my business anymore.
Still, I don't want her responding to me any further, so I casually wave as I exit the building.
