Of course it wasn't a picnic.
As soon as we arrive at the park, Daitoku-san starts talking.
Junna: “Um... so when you encountered this strange phenomenon, did you hear anything that sounded like your ears were ringing?”
Kaito: “Nope. My PokeCom froze up, then it started playing this strange sound.”
Junna: “Ah, I see. It must be that, then.”
Junna: “Beeeeep, boop boop, beeparaaa...”
Junna: “Was it like that?”
Kaito: “Pffft.”
The way she said it was so cute that I can't help but laugh.
It's even better because she was totally serious about it.
Kaito: “Uhhh, pretty much.”
Junna: “I knew it.”
Junna: “A lot of people have heard that.”
Junna: “You know how they had fax machines in the past? That, uh... ‘beeeeep, boop boop, beeparaaa’ sound is similar to the sound that they made.”
Kaito: “Ah, those. I remember hearing one when I was a kid. Now that you mention it, the ringing sound was kinda familiar...”
Kaito: “What do you think the source of the sound is?”
Junna: “I-I don't know. I'm not really, um, an expert... or a researcher for these kinda things...”
Daitoku-san hastily shakes her head.
Kaito: “C'mon, you know that's not true. I already know all about how you're a maniac when it comes to urban legends.”
Junna: “I wouldn't say I'm a maniac...”
Kaito: “So, could you please tell me? Or am I gonna have to beat you in a match to get you to talk?”
Kaito: “I'd lose in a real-life karate match, so how about we settle this in a fighting game? I'd gladly accept the challenge.”
Junna: “I-I don't want to fight...”
Daitoku-san takes a step back, unsure of how to deal with the situation.
Ergh, did I freak her out?
Junna: “I just look into these things because I'm interested. It's all secondhand knowledge I find online.”
Junna: “Take what I say... with a grain of salt... okay...?”
She says timidly.
It's almost as if she has no confidence whatsoever.
Kaito: “Yeah, of course. I'll decide for myself whether to believe it or not.”
Kaito: “Do you have any plausible theories about this?”
Junna: “For the ear ringing... I kinda do...”
Daitoku-san timidly nods, then starts awkwardly fiddling with her PokeCom.
Junna: “Um... So, that strange mystery noise... Seems like there have been similar cases all around the world.”
Kaito: “Really?”
Junna: “Yeah. Listen to this.”
Daitoku-san starts up a music app.
I peek at the screen of her PokeCom.
A siren-like sound begins to play from the speakers.
It rings out intermittently in several-second intervals.
Kaito: “What is this?”
Junna: “Its nickname is ‘The Buzzer’.”
Junna: “In Russia, there's a shortwave radio call sign known as UVB-76.”
Junna: “Um... since about 30 years ago, this sound has been playing endlessly.”
Kaito: “The heck? Is it some sort of cipher?”
Junna: “The broadcasting office denies it.”
Junna: “But nobody really knows the truth.”
Junna: “Other than the military cipher theory, there are all kinds of hypotheses that various theorists have come up with.”
Junna: “Like the Deadman's Switch theory.”
Junna: “Recently, the theory that it has to do with research on the ionosphere seems, um... pretty plausible, actually.”
Junna: “You know how solar activity has been really abnormal lately? People think that this ionosphere research could be related.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
Kaito: “In other words, the buzzing sounds heard at this park could be for that research?”
Junna: “Yeah. It's just a hypothesis, though.”
Junna: “There's a JAXA facility nearby, so...”
Oh, yeah. The Uchugaoka Tracking Station.
It wouldn't be strange for JAXA to be conducting these kinds of experiments.
When you think JAXA, you typically think space development, but they actually do all kinds of research there.
An average person like me has no grasp at all of what stuff JAXA is researching.
Few unnatural phenomena in the world stand up to scrutiny once you actually try to explain them properly.
Junna: “Oh, and about the freezing.”
Junna: “This didn't just happen to you, Yashio-kun. It happened to tons of people around Japan.”
Junna: “It was on the news. Um... For 46 seconds, every single PokeCom in Japan stopped working at the same time.”
Kaito: “What was the cause?”
Daitoku-san slightly shakes her head.
Junna: “They say it's under investigation.”
Kaito: “I see. Then the freeze had nothing to do with it, I guess.”
Kaito: “But there are still two strange phenomena left. I was hit with a four-part combo the other day.”
Junna: “Huh? C-Combo?”
Kaito: “Basically, four weird things happened to me.”
Kaito: “We've already covered the buzzing sound and the frozen PokeCom. However, there's still the garbled message from Sister Centipede, and the ghost.”
Junna: “A ghost... You saw a ghost too, Yashio-kun?”
Kaito: “It sure looked like one.”
Junna: “Um, could it be that you're more interested in the occult, Yashio-kun?”
Kaito: “Is there a difference between urban legends and the occult?”
Junna: “Th-They're totally different!”
Kaito: “How so?”
Junna: “That's, um... whether ghosts are involved or not... right?”
Why's she asking me? I'm the one who wants to know.
Junna: “Also, the occult is scary stuff.”
Kaito: “And urban legends aren't?”
Junna: “I don't think so.”
Where is she drawing the line...?
Kaito: “So, your theory is that ghosts don't exist?”
Junna: “I-I'm not saying that...”
Junna: “I just don't know much about ghosts aside from the rumors I hear from everyone else...”
Kaito: “But rumors about the existence of ghosts have spread pretty wide. Seems like a bunch of people have seen them.”
Kaito: “Wouldn't it make sense to think it's connected to the buzzing sound?”
Junna: “I-I'm not sure...”
Kaito: “Have you seen one before, Daitoku-san?”
She shakes her head.
Kaito: “Then just tell me what you know about them. What have the rumors been saying?”
Junna: “Um...”
Junna: “The rumor goes that... there's a ghost girl that roams Uchugaoka Park...”
Junna: “They say she looks like a middle schooler... and that she has long hair...”
Kaito: “Why are you whispering all of a sudden?”
Junna: “Huh? That's because... um... it's scary...”
Kaito: “You think the ghost is listening in or something?”
Junna: “Y-Yeah, a little...”
Daitoku-san's quite the character.
But more importantly: a girl, eh?
What was that ghost I caught a glimpse of the other day?
Was it a girl? Did she look like a middle schooler? Was her hair long?
Hrm, I didn't really get a good look, so I can't say for sure...
Junna: “It seems most of the people who saw her were, um, using their PokeComs at the time.”
Junna: “And apparently, they also heard what sounded like a girl's voice.”
That sure does ring a bell.
Kaito: “Could that ghost's name be Sister Centipede?”
Junna: “Sister Centipede?”
Daitoku-san shakes her head in confusion.
Junna: “I don't think I've ever heard that name before, but maybe that's just me. I'm sorry.”
Kaito: “Then have there been any stories about people getting emails from the ghost?”
Junna: “Is this about that strange one you said you got?”
Junna: “It'd be really s-scary if ghosts started sending emails...”
Daitoku-san goes pale and hugs her shoulders.
I wasn't asking to get her feelings on the subject.
Junna: “I-I haven't heard anything about that...”
Huh, so then I'm the only one getting emails?
Or are they being sent by someone completely unrelated?
...Whoa, whoa, take a step back, Kaito. It's not like there's actually a ghost sending me emails.
Junna: “Ah, and about the ghost girl...”
Junna: “The rumors say she doesn't just appear at this park. She also shows up at other places on the island.”
Kaito: “Where?”
Junna: “I don't know them all, but... Chikura Cavern... and a few other places.”
Kaito: “Huh? There?”
Junna: “There aren't many people who have seen her though.”
Kaito: “Huh... And here I thought she was bound to the park or something.”
Junna: “Want to check it out?”
Kaito: “Hm? Check what out?”
Junna: “Chikura Cavern.”
Junna: “My, um, house is in that direction anyway.”
Junna: “Oh, but if you don't want to, I understand...”
Daitoku-san hurriedly starts making excuses for herself to back out.
I glance at the clock and see that it's five in the evening.
At this time of year, there's still over two hours of daylight left.
The sun is slowly dropping, and the air is nice and cool.
Kaito: “Sure. I see no reason not to.”
I swear, this is all for the sake of preserving my comfortable life of gaming.
