Akiho: “Whew, it's done!”
My monthly custom, oiling GunBuild-1.
Once I start, it takes about an hour of solid work.
Maybe it's because it's hotter than last month, but, uh...
I notice I'm soaked in sweat.
Akiho: “It was the right call to change clothes...”
Actually, I did maintenance in my school uniform last month, and Kai almost saw my underwear.
But I'm wearing my proper work clothes today, so I've got nothing to worry about. Plus, I can sweat all I want.
I put the oiler back on the shelf.
I pop open a lukewarm Skal that's been sitting around for a few hours.
The wind is pretty strong today.
My sweat cools me down, making me feel a little chilly.
I lean up against the hangar wall and look up at the incomplete GunBuild-1.
A lot has changed in a month.
I went to Tokyo, did great at ROBO-ONE, and got another person to join the club..
Akiho: “Yet, you haven't changed at all.”
Still stored with his upper and lower body separate, GunBuild-1 obviously doesn't reply.
I pick up the notebook sitting on the shelf and flip through its pages.
This is the production notebook for the GunBuild Project. You could also call it the last nine years of the Robotics Club's history.
Completion of GunBuild-1 is, as of 2019, stuck at around 70%.
No new sections have been added after I became the president.
The upper-body section stands upright.
But it doesn't have arms or a head, so it's basically just a big block of steel.
The design on the chest kind of looks like a pair of eyes, which makes the whole torso resemble a face.
The armor is pretty much complete.
Most of the upper body is occupied by the cockpit.
Though I guess it'd be more accurate to say that the column-shaped cockpit is covered and hidden by the armor.
The cockpit hasn't been wired up yet, so all it has is a seat with a backrest.
Since they're not that important, the arms and head haven't been added yet. They're just decorative; they don't move.
For the record, both arms are already complete. They've been carefully stored in a corner of the hangar for years.
As a personal aside, we definitely have to reproduce Gunvarrel's trademark scarf.
But by my calculations, I'll need a long cloth around seven to eight meters in length, so it'll be hard on the budget.
The lower body is lying down on the floor.
The main section of GunBuild-1 isn't the upper body, it's this one.
The greatest and sole function of GunBuild-1 is to walk, after all. His legs are extremely important.
Although only the right leg is complete...
It's supposed to have six servomotors, but I still only have three. That's why I can't build the left leg.
Out of everything on GunBuild-1, those cost the most. The servomotors are too big, so they have to be custom made.
By the way, the one making them for us is none other than Doc at the Robot Clinic.
That oldie-but-goodie is really skilled when it comes to these things.
But I still haven't paid him back, which means I can't go there yet.
If I showed up at the Robot Clinic without his money, he'd ice me in a heartbeat.
Anyway, that's why progress on GunBuild-1 has been less than satisfactory.
It's frustrating that I've barely had anything to add to the production notebook.
I sigh, then look outside.
The boys, Kai and Subaru, are playing with their hobby robot. They both have serious expressions on their faces.
Akiho: “...”
Looks like they have zero intention of helping me with maintenance.
But in some ways, that's kind of refreshing.
Akiho: “At the end of the day, this is how it is...”
It was this past spring when the Robotics Club dropped down to two members.
I'd be out of breath in the hangar, covered in sweat and oil, while Kai sat around, happily playing games.
Even though Subaru's joined the crew, nothing has changed.
Akiho: “That's right, nothing's changed...”
Despite the last month being so eventful!
Nothing's changed at all!
Are we really going to be able to complete GunBuild-1 before the Expo?
