Kaito: “It's freezing...!”
The moment I set foot into this sea of filth, I get chills.
I instantly have goosebumps all over my arms.
I momentarily hallucinated that some foul and restless malice was lurking about, but no, it's just cold.
The windows are shut tight, and the AC is on full blast, spewing cold air.
Man, this room is nuts. It's a fortress.
I'm surprised she reorganized—or more like remodeled?—it to this degree.
I helped carry luggage when she moved in, but there's even more stuff here than before. It also got messier.
Who needs this many monitors?
How many does she have wired up?
They're the only light sources in the room.
The screens are looping Kill-Ballad demo gameplay.
Kaito: “Heeey, Kona-chaaan.”
She's the one who invited me, but she's nowhere to be found.
She answered the intercom, so she's gotta be around here somewhere.
That said, it's super dark, so even if she was right in front of me, it'd take a sec to notice her.
Frau: “Hello... world...”
All of a sudden, a hand bursts forth from the mountain of trash in front of the monitors.
Damn, that scared me.
Save the horror movie stuff for the screen, please.
Upon closer inspection, the hand didn't emerge from a mountain of trash; it came out of a mountain of blankets.
I imagine the owner of said hand must be wrapped up in them somewhere beneath.
Frau: “You should lend me a hand, SMH.”
The slender hand opens and closes repeatedly.
It's kinda like the hand is talking. Creepy.
With no other choices available to me, I grab her hand.
Kaito: “Whoa, you're freezing! Your hand is way too cold.”
Kaito: “Er, I guess that makes sense considering how freaking cold your room is.”
I pull on Frau's hand and stand her up.
Frau: “E-Epic win..”
Kaito: “...”
This girl has completely abandoned her humanity.
When I first saw her on the plane back from Kagoshima, she was dressed a bit stylish, just like a Tokyo girl.
I don't know if her nonexistent desire to go to school makes her more or less pure.
Kaito: “How about turning the AC down?”
Frau: “You're worried about me? But I refuse.”
Frau: “I-I prefer it to be cold, anyway.”
Frau: “If it's too warm, my PC will overheat.”
Seriously?
Kaito: “...?”
Her eyes start to wander about rapidly as she whispers to herself.
I really don't like how Frau does this. I can't keep up.
Frau: “Oh, right... Rosetta, what's step one when it comes to hospitality?”
Rosetta? Who's that?
Frau: “Got it.”
Frau slowly opens one of the blankets she's wrapped in, folds it up neatly, and places it at my feet.
Frau: “H-H-Here you go.”
Is this supposed to be a floor cushion?
With no other choice, I plop down on it.
Frau: “Step two.”
Frau: “Snacks... I bought a whole crate of Pokky.”
Frau: “Senpai, d-do you want anything to drink?”
Is it just me, or is she talking to herself even more than when I last saw her?
Kaito: “Got any warm drinks?”
Frau: “Yeah, no.”
Kaito: “Whaaat? Are you telling me to sit in this cold-ass room without any kind of hot drink?”
Frau: “I think there's corn soup.”
Kaito: “So, you do have something. I'll go with that.”
Frau: “Boiling water is a pain.”
Kaito: “...”
This is the worst.
Not that I expected to be able to hold a conversation with someone who has such low communication skills.
Frau's been acting restless for a while now.
Kaito: “How about sitting down?”
Frau: “Oh... thanks.”
Prompted by my suggestion, Frau sits herself down right in front of me.
Kaito: “Do you know why I'm here?”
Frau: “To confine and rape me? What eroge is this?”
Kaito: “Excuse me?”
Frau: “Ah, i-ignore what I just said!”
Frau: “Uh...?”
Kaito: “For the cheater hunt.”
Frau: “Swoosh!”
Despite having just sat down, for some reason, Frau abruptly stands back up.
She then immediately sits right back down.
Frau: “Th-That was, uh, my surprise pose.”
Which means she totally forgot about our deal.
Kaito: “So, it looks like I won't be going to the ROBO-ONE World Championships.”
Kaito: “I have some spare time on my hands now, and I remembered I still hadn't held up my end of the deal.”
In exchange for Frau creating M45's program, I was supposed to help with her cheater hunt.
Those were the conditions we agreed upon, vague as they might have been. I came here of my own volition.
I'd prefer to not interact with our club's newest member, but not repaying her would mean she'd be shadowing me forever.
Frau: “Thx.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Frau: “TY...”
Kaito: “Hm?”
Frau: “Th-Thank you very much.”
Kaito: “You should've just said that from the start.”
Frau: “S-Senpai, are you a tera sadist?”
Frau: “Oh, but when Senpai bottoms, I def get the whole ‘this sucks, but it feels soooo good’ thing! Duhuhu.”
Frau: “Thin-book with Four Eyes when?!”
Kaito: “Could you maybe lay off the whole magic incantation thing for a bit?”
I haven't the slightest clue what she's talking about.
Kaito: “Anyway, give me the details on this cheater hunt of yours.”
Frau: “A-Are you okay with text?”
Kaito: “Nope. You're gonna use your words. You're the one who told me to come here, Kona-chan.”
Frau: “I-I'm not good at explaining things.”
Kaito: “That's fine. I have time to spare.”
Frau: “Grrr...”
Frau thinks to herself for a while, then sighs deeply.
Looks like she gave in.
Frau: “C-Can you bring up the Kill-Ballad leaderboards?”
Kaito: “On my PokeCom? Sure.”
Frau: “Got it?”
Frau leans up against me and peers at my PokeCom.
Considering how much of a trainwreck she is, I thought she'd smell like sweat, but she doesn't.
Well, I guess she wouldn't sweat in a room this cold.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, that ruffled up hair of yours looks like it would stink.”
Frau: “You wanna sniff it? Try and keep your smell fetish under control. I do understand the feeling, though.”
Kaito: “Please don't. I don't have a smell fetish.”
Frau: “My... hair is as hard as steel. I-It's too hard to brush.”
Kaito: “You're trying to say you don't brush it because it's too much of a pain?”
Frau: “Y-You could always brush it for me, Senpai.”
Kaito: “And why would I do that? It'd be a pain in the ass for me, too.”
Frau: “B-But this is your chance to run your hands through a girl's hair without breaking the law!”
Does she want me to touch her hair?
Kaito: “Just continue with the explanation.”
Frau clicks her tongue a little, then points at my PokeCom's screen.
Frau: “So, the top five on the leaderboards.”
Frau: “I-I thought all five of them were cheaters until last month.”
Kaito: “It's true that the top five have been anchored to their spots for a long time.”
Normally, rankings like this move around a lot, even at the top. But I think KB's hasn't moved for over half a year.
Kaito: “So, to an outsider, it looks especially suspicious.”
Kaito: “But at the very least, I know I'm not a cheater.”
Number five, UMISHO, is me.
Kaito: “Also, Tagirin at number four isn't a cheater, either.”
Tagirin refers to TAGIRINGER.
Frau: “H-How do you know?”
Kaito: “Once you reach my skill level, you just know. It's like a gut feeling, kinda? I'm not sure.”
Plus, I still think TAGIRINGER is Misa-nee.
Which means there's no way they're cheating.
Frau: “Your gamer intuition whispers to you? I know the feeling TBH.”
Kaito: “Word choice aside, yeah, it's sorta like that.”
Frau: “Nice chuunibyou, bro.”
She barfs out some more words and grins. I'm just gonna ignore her.
Above Tagirin on the rankings is an iron fortress.
An unbreachable wall leading to another world.
I've fought the top three dozens of times up until now, but I've never gotten a win.
#1: TAKANO_EYE_1998.
#2: HANASONO_1991.
#3: BOBLEE_1983.
Kaito: “If my instincts are right, these three are cheaters.”
Kaito: “During my matches with them, I've seen them do impossible maneuvers.”
Frau: “Agreed. I checked, too.”
Kaito: “It's even more suspicious how all three account names follow the same pattern.”
They all end with a four-digit number, probably a year.
Kaito: “These three could be connected behind the scenes, too.”
Frau: “Maybe they're all sh-sharing the same cheat tool?”
Kaito: “It's certainly a possibility.”
Kaito: “Either way, our first targets should be these three.”
Frau: “Uwah, OK.”
Kaito: “So, what's the plan?”
Frau: “Y-You just have to fight them in a match, Senpai.”
Frau: “I made an analysis tool to detect cheats, s-so I'll run it during your matches.”
Frau: “If they use cheats, it'll nab evidence.”
Frau: “Cheaters these days are getting r-really advanced... They don't leave much evidence behind...”
Frau: “So, in order to ban someone, the administrator either has to guess, or there has to be actual evidence.”
If the administrator just banned the top five rankers based on a guess, people would stop playing KB.
The trust between the administrator and the users would completely collapse on itself.
Players would fear getting banned just for doing something the admin didn't like, so they'd just quit the game.
On the other hand, cheaters get to do as they please by taking advantage of that trust.
I'm not a fan.
Furthermore, if the cheaters are hogging the top spots, I'll never be able to reach the top. Ever.
Kaito: “So, I just need to fight them in a match? Does it matter if I win or lose?”
Frau: “No problem. Everything'll be fine even if you lose.”
If I can win, that'd be awesome.
But they're using illegal tools.
That's not an easy mountain to climb.
Hell, out of 100 matches, I could maybe, just maybe, take one.
Kaito: “By the way, how am I supposed to fight these guys? I only run into the top three every once in a while.”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “Can't you just wait till you get matched with them?”
Kaito: “No plan, eh?”
I can't help but sigh.
