Kaito: “...”
The stars look like they could fall out of the sky at any moment.
Even if I lied down in the middle of the path, I doubt anyone would find me.
My surroundings are pitch black, and I totally melt into the darkness.
It's summer break, so I have plenty of free time.
After school, I headed to Uchugaoka Park and put in some major KB time. The sun has long since set.
Caster: “And now, for our next report.”
Caster: “Exoskeleton Company's Helpful Unlimited Gear, the HUG, has had its second rampage fatality.”
Caster: “According to a new Metropolitan Police Department investigation, there've been 105 HUG rampage incidents in Japan in the last three years.”
I had left a video stream running on my PokeCom. The news is on now.
As soon as the Exoskeleton Company is mentioned, I reflexively start to listen closely.
Caster: “Of these, 23 accidents led to HUG users receiving serious injuries.”
Caster: “The MPD have announced that they will be consulting with Exoskeleton Company and investigating whether or not this was caused by serious safety flaws.”
Caster: “This number only accounts for accidents reported to the police, so it's expected that the actual number will rise.”
Caster: “Additionally, foreign investigative agencies have now begun their own investigations into the matter.”
Caster: “This is expected to impact the sales of HUG units, which saw an explosive rise in recent years.”
Caster: “We now have comments from the Exoskeleton Company's public relations officer, Senomiya Misaki.”
Misaki: “Yes, our company is currently investigating the matter as well, so I cannot offer a definitive answer.”
Male Journalist A: “There are those on the internet who are saying the HUG is too dangerous as a medical care machine, your response?”
Misaki: “HUGs are created with many overlapping safety standards. Only units that have passed all tests are offered at retail.”
Misaki: “We receive excellent ratings from safety inspections around the world, not just in Japan.”
Misaki: “We take this seriously, and our prayers are with the victims. We will be working to figure out what the problem was.”
Female Journalist: “The company president should come out and hold a press conference. Are there any plans for that?”
Misaki: “It's currently under consideration.”
Male Journalist B: “Will you be taking any measures to put restrictions on sales?”
Misaki: “This is also under consideration.”
Male Journalist B: “According to data from some research organizations, there have already been at least 10 HUG related deaths worldwide.”
Male Journalist B: “So how can you just sit back and say it's ‘under consideration’?”
Misaki: “...”
Male Journalist B: “At least 10 people are already dead! You're basically selling murder machines!”
Misaki: “...”
Male Journalist B: “Say something!”
Misaki: “...”
Misaki: “Nn...”
Male Journalist B: “Crying won't get you forgiveness! You're their PR person, aren't you?! You need to answer the question!”
Misaki: “I...”
Exoskeleton Worker: “Concerning that matter, we'll be holding an official conference at a later date. We're done here.”
Male Journalist A: “Wait just a minute! I still have questions!”
Female Journalist: “How will you be compensating the families of the victims?”
Male Journalist C: “Did you know there are lawsuits concerning the HUG engineer system in America?!”
Male Journalist A: “Please say something for all the concerned HUG users out there!”
Male Journalist B: “Senomiya-san! Are you running away?!”
I feel sick and turn off the news.
Rampaging HUG accidents...
Actually, that reminds me. The topic has been trending on Twipo since the early evening.
I guess it's a hot issue in the Tokyo area.
To people like me living in the middle of nowhere, events that take place so far away barely feel real.
As always, Tanegashima is peaceful.
It's not hard to see how people start to feel like things that happen in Tokyo are events in a different world.
But it starts to feel really strange when those events involve people you know.
Kaito: “Misa-nee's got it tough...”
As a PR person, she's appeared in all kinds of forward-facing media. It makes sense she'd be the target of ire.
I got tired of the Twipo discourse swirling around the incident and who exactly the ExCo guy who cut off the reporters at the end was.
It turned into this dumb argument about whether he's Misa-nee's lover, bodyguard, or the mastermind behind it all.
Japan sure is a peaceful place.
Kaito: “I think that might've been the first time I've ever seen Misa-nee cry.”
I've known her for a long time, but to me, she was always strong, perfect, and composed.
I never thought this'd be how I'd first see her cry.
I have mixed feelings about it...
There's something about seeing someone you know cry that makes you feel guilty...
Kaito: “...”
I hear something.
It's an unpleasant, painful sound.
Kaito: “Again...?”
Honestly, I'm starting to get hungry. I should just head home.
But I might as well take a look around before I bounce.
The slight buzzing sound just barely reaches my ears.
I trot over to the radar tower and whip out my PokeCom.
Is she around here somewhere?
Kaito: “It's her...”
What's she doing standing there?
It's too dangerous to climb the radar tower, so I decide to go up to the town hall's second floor.
It doesn't take long to get up there.
The wind is strong, but naturally, Airi's clothes are unaffected as she stands at the top of the tower.
There's an icon shining on her forehead.
She must be Sister Centipede right now.
Sister Centipede: “Verification test in progress.”
Sister Centipede: “Reporting test number 2924.”
Sister Centipede: “Presently Japan Standard Time, year AD 2019, month 7, day 19, hour 19, minute 17.”
Sister Centipede: “No change in status.”
Sister Centipede: “Report of verification test number 2924 complete.”
So, Airi can turn into Sister Centipede on her own?
Er, I guess that's a dumb question.
Airi: “Ah, Big Brother♪”
She found me.
Before I know it, the icon on her head is gone.
Airi: “Do you want to know tomorrow's weather?”
Airi: “The weather tomorrow, July 20th, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be clear with northwest winds.”
Airi: “Typhoons No. 4 and No. 5 are currently active on the Pacific Ocean, so please exercise caution.”
Thanks for the useless info.
Kaito: “Were you making that buzzing sound? What was its name again? EGI System?”
Airi: “Yes, that's correct. I do it once a day.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
It doesn't seem to be causing any harm, so I'm not too concerned about it. It is creepy, though.
Determining the value of continuing some dead guy's experiment isn't my place, it's TAIYO Development's problem now.
Someone like me who just lives nearby isn't gonna change anything.
I sigh and look out toward the ocean.
It's too dark to see anything, but I know the Tanegashima Space Center (TNSC) rocket launch pad is there.
On a clear day, you can see the giant VAB and large-scale rocket launch site from here.
When they still launched rockets, all the aircraft warning lights would shine so you could spot the launch site at night.
Airi: “What do you always look at?”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Airi: “I've been watching you since nine years ago.”
Kaito: “Since 9 years ago? The whole time?”
Airi: “Yup! Basically every time you came to the park!”
Kaito: “Sounds like surveillance to me.”
Airi: “I only watched you when you came here.”
Kaito: “...”
Airi: “You used to come all the time! On average, once every two days.”
Airi: “There were times when you came in a group of three, a pair, or alone.”
Airi: “But lately, all you do is play games on your PokeCom.”
Airi: “Up until two years ago, you used to always look at something.”
Airi: “Even in the evening and at night.”
Airi: “What were you always looking at?”
Kaito: “...”
Misaki: “Gooo hot dog, gooo!”
It was always the same thing.
Kaito: “I wanted to be an astronaut.”
Airi: “Astronaut? You mean a person who goes to space?”
Airi: “But nobody has ever gone to space from the Tanegashima Space Center.”
Kaito: “Yeah, I know.”
Manned rocket launches barely exist anymore. Russia and France send people up to the ISS, but NASA focuses on unmanned stuff nowadays.
Kaito: “But you know, any boy who grows up here dreams about becoming an astronaut at some point or another.”
I'd always watch rocket launches from here.
That bright light rising into the sky, a roar that shakes the air itself... It got my heart racing every time.
When I thought about how we were connected to distant space, I felt like anything was possible.
Kaito: “I've already given up on that dream, though.”
Well, maybe that's the wrong way to describe it. It just naturally faded into the dark, I guess.
I started having these attacks at a young age.
And rockets stopped being launched from here.
Kaito: “It's been four years since the last launch, huh.”
Kaito: “Funny how it's felt like forever.”
Airi: “Over the last four years, you only ever visited the park alone.”
Airi: “On occasion you visited with Akiho, but those instances were very rare. Less than 1% of the total.”
Kaito: “I'm not sure when it became this way, but to me, this place...”
Where I used to watch launches. Where I used to imagine rockets soaring through the air with a smile.
Kaito: “Had changed into a place for me to chill and play games.”
Even when I close my eyes.
I can no longer picture that beautiful sight of rockets flying off into the heavens.
