As soon as all the cargo was unloaded from the truck, the Space Candy Company president left like a passing storm.
Mitsuhiko: “Haaah, Uncle sure is rough on me.”
Mitchie was left behind. He's tiredly complaining while sipping from a small carton of milk.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, kids. You know how people are always saying to take advantage of your family's help? That's BS.”
Mitsuhiko: “It's actually ‘If you use your fam, they'll use you more.’ Got it? Consider this a pro tip.”
Should a teacher really be saying that to his students?
Mitsuhiko: “Anyway, I'm going home. You guys handle the rest.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “As usual, our supervisor has zero intention of, you know, actually supervising us.”
Akiho: “Honestly, I prefer him this way. It'd be a pain if he was more involved.”
Considering he's the OG president, you'd think we'd respect him more. How is the gap so huge between him and Misa-nee?
Junna: “I-I'm beat...”
As soon as Mitchie leaves, Junna weakly sinks to the floor.
Junna: “I, um, I can't really handle that president... My whole body feels paralyzed when he's around.”
Kaito: “Because he's so pushy?”
Junna: “Because he's so big, like a bear...”
I guess life-size robots aren't the only issue. Maybe she can't handle things that are slightly bigger than humans.
But if we're gonna keep that guy on as a sponsor, we're gonna have to keep sucking up to him and using Junna.
As though trading places with Mitchie, Subaru appears.
Subaru: “Looks like the parts arrived.”
Akiho: “You're late.”
Subaru shrugs and ignores Akiho's comment.
He doesn't seem to care at all.
He takes a peek inside the garage, then turns back around and faces us.
Subaru: “Shouldn't we do an inspection to make sure nothing was damaged by the solar storm?”
Akiho: “Solar storm? Whaddya mean?”
Junna: “Ah, it's trending on Twipo right now.”
Junna: “There was a solar storm, and it broke a bunch of machines on the west coast of America.”
Akiho: “Really? Is it going to be like the Crash of '15?”
Subaru: “Nothing close to that, at least as of right now. It appears to be fairly small-scale.”
Junna: “B-But because the machines broke, there are riots all over.”
Akiho: “Why would people riot because some machines broke?”
Kaito: “The storm killed security systems. It's like a dreamland for thieves.”
Kaito: “Wait, if it hit the west coast, is Vegas in trouble, too?”
Las Vegas is several hundred kilometers inland from Los Angeles.
The ROBO-ONE World Championships are scheduled to be held there.
Subaru: “There are already rumors floating around that the World Championships will be canceled.”
Subaru: “The storm is supposed to continue for a while, so...”
Akiho: “Wait, it's still going?”
Junna: “There's a stronger one coming, um, according to comments from some major scholars.”
Akiho: “But that was just in America. We don't have anything to worry about here, right?”
Kaito: “We can only hope.”
As soon as Subaru brought up the topic, the contents of a certain document fill my head.
The Kimijima Report.
If I recall, it said the following.
“However, this is the truth: the Sun is on the verge of producing several discharges. According to scientific evidence...”
“...There will be successive major solar storms that will occur in 2012, 2015, 2019, and 2020, all of which will severely affect the Earth and its magnetosphere.”
It's not cold, but I start subconsciously rubbing my arms. I have goosebumps.
It's possible that everything written in that report was the truth.
Can I really laugh it off as a crazy conspiracy theory?
Airi said that Kimijima Kou was murdered by someone.
Why did he leave that report behind?
And why was he murdered?
Is it because... everything written in that file was true?
And the Kimijima Report I found isn't the only one on the island.
In the rest of the hidden text files, there could be even more predictions and revelations.
Wait, hold on, stop.
Don't let yourself get dragged into this dark spiral of conspiracy theories.
Kaito: “...?!”
Suddenly.
I hear a melody that I know all too well.
Akiho: “Kai, did you change your ringtone?”
Junna: “Kagome Kagome!”
That's right... Junna told me all about this.
About a bunch of people in Tokyo getting messages similar to Earthquake Early Warnings all at the same time.
Junna and I immediately make eye contact.
Kaito: “...!”
Akiho: “Wh-What the?”
Subaru: “It's coming from my PokeCom, too.”
Junna: “M-Me, too.”
The melodies overlap, creating a dissonant sound.
I feel like I'll get a headache if I listen to this for too long.
And the poor sound quality makes it all feel even creepier.
The fact that it doesn't stop immediately points to it being a call and not a message.
Akiho: “I've never even set Kagome Kagome as my ringtone...”
Subaru: “I didn't even know my PokeCom had it as an option.”
I check my PokeCom, and the display is similar to when there's a normal call coming in.
In this case, however, the caller's number is hidden.
As a test, I try answering the phone.
Kaito: “Huh...?!”
This sound...
It's just like a fax machine's transmission noise!
Is she the one doing this...?
Or is this that ‘certain organization’ that Kimijima Kou mentioned?
I feel a chill run down my spine. My body is shivering.
I can't take it anymore. I hung up.
???: “Um...”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Her timing is perfect.
When did this woman get here?
There's nothing around here, so you can see everything; yet, I didn't even notice her till she was right there.
At long last, Kagome Kagome stops playing.
The hangar returns to silence.
Everyone stands still without saying a word.
Nobody can wrap their head around what just happened over the last minute or so.
???: “Are you kids the Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Research Club?”
Akiho: “Th-That's right.”
Who is this person?
Did someone from the media come by for an interview?
Or...
Airi: “Master was murdered.”
Who killed him?
???: “That's a relief. I was worried I wouldn't be able to find you guys.”
The woman smiles as she speaks.
A single black van comes driving onto the airport apron.
It's approaching at high speed.
It then comes to a stop behind the woman.
???: “Um, I know this is sudden, but...”
???: “There's something we need to discuss. You're going to be coming with me.”
Kaito: “Wha...?!”
Brawny-looking men in black suits exit from the van. Five of them.
With so many confusing things happening in such a short amount of time, I don't even consider the option to flee.
Before I realize it, I've been grabbed from behind with both arms twisted.
I can tell I'd be in immense pain if I attempted to resist, so I stay put.
Akiho: “Aah, s-stop...”
Akiho is grabbed by the arms by one of the men and forced into the van.
Junna and Subaru as well.
It hasn't even been two minutes since that woman showed up.
Yet in that short amount of time, she's managed to abduct four high schoolers.
???: “Let's go.”
I get pushed into one of the van's seats. I'm just dumbfounded by this entire situation.
All I can think about is Kimijima Kou's fate.
The fear of being erased.
My body's been trembling ever since Kagome Kagome started playing.
Kaito: “Wh-Who...”
I desperately try to talk.
Kaito: “Who are y-you?”
The woman, now sitting in the front passenger's seat, turns around to face us.
???: “My name is...”
She removes her sunglasses and flashes us a cheerful smile that really doesn't fit the situation.
???: “Tennouji Nae.”
Nae: “It's a pleasure to meet you all!”
Despite the smile on her face, her eyes aren't smiling in the least.
