It only took Frau three days to write a program for M45.
Frau: “I-I mean, 72 hours is more than enough time, SMH.”
Kaito: “Wait, you were working on it for 72 hours straight?”
Frau: “Once I start working, I don't sleep until I'm finished. That's my default state, tbh.”
Frau: “Which is why I am very, berry sleepy right now...”
Subaru: “I didn't think you'd go so hard.”
Frau: “Because of that detailed specifications doc you sent me, I wall-punched specs.”
Subaru: “Well thanks to you, we now have plenty of time to make adjustments. Thanks.”
Frau: “J-Just so you know, i-it's not like I stayed up all night for y-you.”
Subaru: “...?”
Kaito: “What's with the robot voice?”
Frau: “Y-Y-You don't even know the archetypal ts-ts-tsundere line? W-Wrong-sider!”
Subaru: “At this point, she's basically cursed.”
Subaru: “Talented, but broken. What an unfortunate woman.”
Frau: “You're damn right.”
And she's self-aware...
Subaru: “By the way, Furugoori. Do you intend on staying inside today as well?”
Just like before, Frau is calling in.
Frau: “I-I'm a NEET after all. Duhuhu.”
Frau: “Plus, I hate the sun on this southern island. It's too hawt and the sunlight hurts my eyes.”
Frau: “My eyes! My eyes!”
Kaito: “...”
I can only watch Frau's attempt at acting with a cold gaze.
Subaru completely ignores this virtuoso transfer student's gestures and starts to fiddle with his PokeCom.
It's already connected to M45 via cable.
Subaru: “I'm almost done downloading the program. Now all we have to do is adjust it for M45 and run a quick test.”
Kaito: “Let me know when you're done. I'll be playing KB till then.”
Frau: “Yashio-senpai, plz tell me when you're gonna start hunting for cheaters.”
Kaito: “Hunting for cheaters...”
Oh yeah, I guess that was part of the deal. Huh.
Truth be told, I was gonna accept her offer either way.
Kaito: “What are the specifics?”
Frau: “J-Just come over to my place.”
Does she realize what she's saying...
And why is she fidgeting around and looking all embarrassed?
Frau: “A-And then you can play games in this moldy, cold room in all kinds of dirty positions.”
Frau: “Just keep playing without showering, wearing only a tank top and shorts, bags under your eyes, in a bad mood.”
Frau: “And then, Nagafukada, wearing a t-t-tank top, shows up and says the following.”
Frau: “‘N-Now listen here, only play games for an hour a day. I'm gonna have to punish folks like you who're living debauched lives.’”
Frau: “‘You're crazy, Sensei. If you wanna punish me, you gotta beat me first! You'll never win, though. Hah hah!’”
Kaito: “Can I hang up now?”
Frau's eyes are totally bloodshot.
I think she's gone crazy after staying up for so long.
Frau: “A-Anyway, just come over. I'll teach you how to hunt cheaters.”
Kaito: “If I feel like it.”
Man, I gotta drag myself all the way to her place?
Plus, she lives alone.
If I go, I'm gonna be stuck with that weirdo genius, just the two of us.
Imagining myself in that situation is enough to make me feel disgusted.
This is going to suck.
I can feel all motivation leave my body.
I leave Subaru to his business and walk toward the runway.
The sun is still high up in the sky.
That's when I notice Junna standing at the edge of the runway.
The heat haze is making her look all wavy. It's kinda cool.
She looks like she's standing in her school uniform, but in reality, she seems to be doing some kinda kata.
Is she bored?
I don't blame her.
I heard Akiho finally secured a sponsorship deal with Space Candy, but the money'll probably take some time.
I can't see Junna doing much for the club outside of maybe running errands.
Akiho might as well lecture her about robots or something.
Those thoughts cross my mind as I open my PokeCom.
After talking to Airi the other day, I did a little bit of research on the Minamitane Community Center.
I'd prefer to ask Mizuka-san about it, but she gets scarier than usual when I bring Airi up, so it's been rough.
And so I decided to do my own research. As luck would have it, I got a lot more info out my efforts than expected.
According to the registrar, the owner is TAIYO Development. Their HQ is in Tokyo's Chiyoda district. 
Minamitane put the building out for auction in 2012, and they won the bid. Is TAIYO Development paying the bills?
And if they are, to what end?
Not to mention, it's fishy as hell that the EGI System, radar, Airi, and the rest have all just been left there.
Maybe I should try calling and shooting them some questions?
Or should I talk to Airi first?
Kaito: “Agh, this is all getting really annoying.”
And why am I taking this all so seriously?
Sure, there's a weird device in an abandoned building located in my neighborhood.
And sure, it might be connected to an unsolved murder case from 10 years ago.
There is a part of me that wants to find out the truth about all this creepy stuff so I can finally relax.
But nothing's going to change just because I get serious.
Which means that all this research is just a useless waste of effort on my end.
And hell, I'm not big on thinking about tough stuff.
I'd be better off using my time to play Kill-Ballad, right?
Slack off on competitive games for even a little bit and your skills drop sharply.
Plus, because I've been hanging around Subaru lately, I haven't been able to play much.
And so, I plant myself firmly on the hot asphalt of the runway and boot up Kill-Ballad.
