It's quiet.
It's also cooler than usual today.
There's a carefree feel in the air as time passes by at the old airport. I look out at the runway.
Junna has been practicing karate katas for nearly an hour. She always does this when she has nothing else to do.
I wouldn't be surprised if she brought her karate gi one of these days.
There's still no sign of Subaru. But considering his old man, he'd likely get suspicious if Subaru came early every day.
As for Akiho, she's shut herself away in the hangar, doing something or other.
Whatever, she'll be fine on her own.
Obviously, I'm playing tons of Kill-Ballad.
I've already played around 30 matches today, but I think I'll get another 10 in before lunch.
With that happy thought running through my mind, I nonchalantly look up at the calendar on my PokeCom.
It's already July 30th.
Kaito: “For real? That's a little... no, really crazy...”
I want to cradle my head. 10 days have already passed since summer break started.
You'd think that since it's a month and a half long, it wouldn't go by so fast. We're already a quarter of the way through!
All I've done is take supplementary tests and play KB.
That's right, those ridiculous supplementary tests ate an entire 10 days of my precious summer break!
But they're finally over.
I'm a free man!
There's about a month left of summer break.
It might not be a bad idea to just throw myself into KB for the rest of it.
I use that desperate idea to push out the other horrific beast looming on the horizon—entrance exams—out of my head.
Hm?
I could've sworn I just heard a car horn in the distance...
Akiho: “They're here!”
Akiho comes flying out of the hangar in response to the distant sound.
Without my noticing, she's already changed into her work clothes. She sure seems enthusiastic.
Kaito: “Who's here?”
Akiho: “Not ‘who.’ ‘What’!”
Akiho: “The parts!”
Akiho starts walking awkwardly toward the parking lot. Despite how it looks, she's actually running. Kind of.
Junna: “Yashio-kun.”
Junna: “What's going on?”
Junna returns from the runway, wiping sweat off her forehead with a towel.
Kaito: “Apparently some parts showed up.”
Junna: “Parts? Like for Model 1-kun?”
Kaito: “Probably.”
Kaito: “That reminds me, she went to buy a bunch of stuff at the Robot Clinic a week or so ago.”
Junna: “...”
Junna and I stayed behind in the clubroom at the time.
As usual, Junna has no desire to go to the Robot Clinic.
I guess she really can't handle Doc.
Yes, he's scary. But even I can't help but feel bad that his own granddaughter can't stand him.
Junna: “Wow, what's that?”
Junna is rendered speechless.
Akiho opens the metal mesh gate connected to the parking lot, and a large truck comes rolling in.
There's a sheet over the cargo. Given how big it is, there's either a lot of something, or one big thing.
And not only that; there's more than one truck.
A small truck with a crane attached to it follows the first one into the lot.
The two trucks follow Akiho's signaling, drive up to the front of the hangar, then stop.
Sumio: “Ah! Akiho-chan! I brought the stuff!”
Akiho: “Thank you so much!”
Junna: “Ack!”
A large man gets out of the passenger's seat of the larger truck.
Given Junna's voiced surprise, she must know who this guy is.
Kaito: “Who's that?”
Junna: “Um, th-the president of Space Candy.”
Kaito: “Hoh, so that's him...”
He's the man behind my beloved Space Candy, and also Mitchie's relative? I guess his face does look similar...
As the two of us watch him from a distance, he notices us.
A huge smile crosses his face, and he waddles his massive body over to us.
He's like a bear...
And for some reason, there's a parakeet fluttering atop his head.
Sumio: “Yo! Junna-chan!”
Looks like his aim was Junna.
Junna: “Ah, h-hello! Osu!”
Junna bows deeply.
Sumio: “Did you think it over? Have you considered becoming my company's campaign girl?!”
Junna: “I-I can't...”
Taro: “Boing-chan! No boing-chan!”
Sumio: “I'd pay you well! C'mon, how about it?”
Junna: “I just can't...”
Sumio: “I see. That's too bad.”
The president suddenly turns his attention to me.
Sumio: “Hm, you must be Yashio-kun!”
Kaito: “Huh? Er, yeah.”
Sumio: “I heard all about you from Akiho-chan!”
Sumio: “Here's a present from me to you! Eat up! Gahaha!”
He hands me an entire box of 12 bags of Space Candy.
Kaito: “Th-Thank you very much.”
I'm genuinely surprised... This is pretty exciting.
There's a bit of a commotion coming from the trucks.
I glance over to find the workers who drove in using the crane to unload the large cargo.
Actually, wait a sec. One of those workers is Mitchie.
Akiho: “Hehe. Kai, Jun, what do you think?”
Kaito: “About what?”
Akiho: “It's our long-awaited power generator! And engine! And radiator! And a bunch of batteries!”
Junna: “A-Amazing...”
Kaito: “You sure did buy a lot.”
Akiho: “We have our oh-so-generous sponsor, the president of Space Candy, to thank for that.”
Akiho: “He even arranged for the parts to be transported from Nishinoomote Harbor. That was a huge help.”
Akiho: “Granted, I had Mitchie ask for us.”
Kaito: “Huh.”
Akiho: “But now we have almost all the parts we need!”
Akiho: “All that's missing are the giant servomotors, custom-made by Doc.”
Akiho: “Those've already been ordered. He actually finished making them years ago. All that's left is to tune them.”
That's pretty major progress.
Although I'm not sure what to think of it considering money did all the talking.
Akiho: “The connector parts are almost all done. Those are in the hangar. We just gotta put it all together now!”
Akiho: “You could pretty much say we're finished, hehe!”
Our president's starting to get ahead of herself yet again.
Even an amateur like me knows that the hardest part of building a giant robot over 10 meters tall is assembling it.
Akiho's way too optimistic about all of this.
Sumio: “I see, I see! So, it's basically complete! Now that's IMPACT! Gahaha!”
The president is giving off the same aura as Akiho...
Sumio: “By the way, my company is currently producing stickers for this thing!”
Akiho: “Stickers?”
Sumio: “Yeah! Giant ones that have ‘Space Candy Company’ written all big-like on them.”
Taro: “Boing-chan!”
Sumio: “Make sure you stick 'em on the most visible part of the robot, Akiho-chan!”
Akiho: “S-Stickers...”
A natural demand from a sponsor.
They're offering money in exchange for advertising, after all.
But it looks like Akiho had no clue about any of this.
Akiho: “Um, sir...?”
Akiho: “If I put stickers on it, GunBuild-1 won't look like Gunvarrel anymore...”
Sumio: “Won't look like what? Is that important for impact? And what's a Gunvarrel?”
Akiho: “The robot we're building is modeled after an anime robot called Gunvarrel.”
Akiho: “Gunvarrel didn't have stickers on its most visible parts in the anime...”
Sumio: “But young lady, impact is what's most important here.”
Sumio: “I can't back down on this. Those stickers've gotta be in the most visible spots!”
Akiho: “Why are you assuming we're gonna stick anything on it at all...?”
Sumio: “Also, I heard that someone's going to ride in the robot.”
Akiho: “Yup. Giant robots are meant to have someone pilot them from the inside!”
That sounds like a jab at Subaru—who, by the way, is still not here.
Sumio: “So, about its crew.”
Akiho: “You mean its pilot...”
Sumio: “My company would like to see Junna-chan in that role!”
Junna: “Wha...?!”
What a turn of events.
Heh, the wind blows in my favor.
Junna: “I-I can't do that...”
Akiho: “Um, we currently have Kai here as our pilot and—”
Kaito: “Nope. I never agreed to ride that thing.”
Akiho: “W-Wait, Kai!”
Kaito: “Plus, there's no way you'd reject your sponsor's wishes after all the money they put into this, right?”
Junna: “...”
I look at Junna, who is currently muttering to herself with tears in her eyes, desperately shaking her head.
Kaito: “Anyway, sir. We'll be taking your requests for the stickers and the pilot matter under our full consideration.”
Sumio: “I see, I see! Thanks, please do!”
Sumio: “Especially the part about Junna-chan being the crew.”
Akiho: “Pilot...”
Sumio: “A karate beauty born and raised on the island! Now that's impact!”
Taro: “Boing-chan!”
Sumio: “It'll definitely be in the Nannichi Newspaper! A cover page contender!”
Sumio: “They may even request an exclusive interview with you, Junna-chan. Gahaha!”
Junna: “I-I can't...”
This whole time, Junna has been looking like she's seeing the world end before her eyes.
Considering she's constantly practicing karate because she has nothing else to do, she should just roll with it.
As our conversation continues, the rest of the parts are steadily unloaded from the truck.
