A strong wind blows across the old airport apron.
It's way too strong, causing M45 at my feet to shake and lean to the side.
Subaru manages to support it with his hands before it topples over.
I stretch out while still holding my PokeCom, vacantly gazing out at the runway.
The sky to the west is dyed light orange.
Kaito: “Hey, Subaru-kun.”
Subaru: “What is it?”
Kaito: “You won ROBO-ONE three times, right?”
Kaito: “How much prize money did you get?”
Subaru: “Five million yen each time.”
Kaito: “What did you do with all that money? Do your parents have it or something?”
Subaru: “I kept the bare minimum I required, and donated the rest.”
Kaito: “Wait, seriously? What a waste. Why'd you do that?”
Subaru: “I'm still just a student.”
Subaru: “I've also left the remaining amount in the care of the ROBO-ONE executive office.”
Subaru: “When I need money for M45 parts or travel expenses, I contact them and withdraw it.”
Kaito: “How stoic. A true artisan, really.”
Kaito: “You know, you seem pretty buddy-buddy with the executive office. They must rig all kinds of things for you, don't they?”
Subaru: “If that's what you wish to believe, go ahead.”
Kaito: “I'm joking.”
I of all people know how skilled he is after our match.
Kaito: “Ahh, but I sure am thirsty.”
Kaito: “Subaru-kun, could you do me a solid and grab me some drinks from the convenience store real quick?”
Kaito: “I'll have a Fruit Sour Melon. And pick up a Skal for Aki-chan.”
Subaru: “I refuse.”
Kaito: “What a boring underclassman.”
Subaru: “Don't act like my superior. Such antiquated hierarchical relations make me sick.”
Subaru: “And I never wanted to join the Robotics Club in the first place.”
Kaito: “C'mon, buddy. Aren't you hot? Don't you want a nice, cold, refreshing drink?”
Kaito: “If only there was a vending machine nearby. Could this place be any more inconvenient?”
Subaru: “It's the ideal environment for me.”
Kaito: “For real?”
Subaru: “Yes. It's spacious, with little foot traffic. Up until now, I had to do maintenance on M45 in secret.”
Kaito: “Being a masked man sure seems like a pain.”
Although he might have reasons beyond that.
Kaito: “By the way, this thing isn't moving at all.”
For some time now, no matter how much I've tinkered with my PokeCom, M45 hasn't budged.
Since the day before, Subaru had been trying to implement the KB control scheme into M45.
Subaru: “I must have made a programming mistake somewhere...”
Kaito: “Trying to do this in one day is aiming too high. Bring it after you've polished it up. Then I'll playtest it.”
Subaru: “Yesterday, I thought I'd be able to create something mimicking TanegashiMachine 3's program.”
Subaru: “But I'm starting to think this is too much for my incomplete programming knowledge.”
Kaito: “I can't believe the great Pleiades-kun is acting like such a chicken.”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru: “I'm no software developer. My specialty is hardware.”
Kaito: “Excuses, excuses.”
Kaito: “But if you can't reproduce the KB control system, I'm out.”
I make my intent clear, and Subaru bites his lip, frustrated.
Subaru: “I'm going to have to work something out with Furugoori...”
Junna: “Um, Yashio-kun?”
Kaito: “Hm?”
I hear a voice I wasn't expecting and turn around to find a tiny girl standing before me.
When our eyes meet, she bows slightly.
Junna: “H-Hello.”
Kaito: “Wow, you really are tiny.”
Junna: “H-Huh?”
Kaito: “Oh, nothing. Never mind.”
Kaito: “Anyhow, what brings you here, Daitoku-san?”
Junna: “U-Um, didn't you tell me to come by at least once?”
Kaito: “Are you joining the Robotics Club?”
Junna: “Ah, um, it's not like...”
Junna: “It's just, um...”
Junna: “Studying for entrance exams is kinda a bummer, right?”
Daitoku-san has a bashful expression on her face.
Kaito: “I 100% agree with that.”
Man, I didn't think she'd actually show up.
She must really have a lot of free time now that she's retired from the Karate Club.
This is my chance.
When I forced Subaru into the club, I figured he'd help Akiho here and there, leaving me as free as a bird to game.
Yet somehow I ended up getting stuck playing hobby robots with him.
Hell, I can't even keep an eye on Akiho all that much now.
I guess I screwed myself.
But if I have this stray little lamb watching over Akiho, I can at least relax a little.
Though she seems a wee bit unreliable.
But hey, since she did karate, she should have solid reflexes.
I might even be able to make her take my place as GunBuild-1's pilot.
Kaito: “All right, Daitoku-san. Feel free to watch the Robotics Club do its thing as much as you want.”
Junna: “Okay.”
I made it sound all grand and stuff, but...
We aren't actually doing much as a club.
Subaru: “...”
Subaru shows less than zero interest in Daitoku-san as he packs M45 away.
Kaito: “Subaru-kun, you could at least greet Daitoku-san. She might not look like it, but she's your upperclassman.”
Subaru: “Hello.”
Subaru briefly glances at Daitoku-san, then bows his head slightly.
Kaito: “Let me introduce you to Hidaka Subaru-kun, second year and our club's beacon of hope. He joined last week.”
Junna: “Oh, um, I'm Daitoku.”
Subaru: “...”
Well, this is awkward.
He has zero social skills.
At least Akiho knows Daitoku-san. I'll just have to leave things to her.
I'm about to call into the hangar when a strong gust of wind blows by.
Junna: “Whoa!”
Despite the fact that she does karate, the wind causes Daitoku-san to lose her balance.
Kaito: “There's no cover around here, so the wind is pretty strong.”
Junna: “Oh, um, I-I'm okay.”
Junna: “But it sure is spacious. I haven't been to this airport in ages.”
Normal people don't really tend to visit closed airports.
Kaito: “I recommend napping on the runway. Though if you sleep there during the day around this time of year, you'll die. Be careful.”
Junna: “Ahaha. That sounds like it would feel nice.”
Akiho: “Ahh!”
No sooner than I hear a shout, Akiho comes dashing out of the hangar.
She looks back and forth at me and Daitoku-san's faces like she's panicking.
Akiho: “D-D-Did one of you finally confess to the other?!”
Junna: “Huh?”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, what ridiculousness are you on about now?”
Akiho: “Er, then, why's she here?”
Daitoku-san curls up, but I urge her forward.
Junna: “Um, I came to take a look at the Robotics Club...”
Akiho: “Oooh!”
Akiho: “I see! So that's what's going on!”
Akiho's smile covers what seems like her entire face as she grabs both of Daitoku-san's hands firmly.
Akiho: “Welcome! You're very welcome here! Come and take a look inside the hangar.”
Akiho: “You'll be shocked when you see GunBuild-1!”
Junna: “O-Okay, as long as I'm not in the way.”
Akiho: “Never! C'mon!”
Akiho: “And I'd be super duper happy if you decided to join us.”
Akiho: “Lately, all those boys do is play with their hobby robot. They totally ignore me!”
Akiho: “Oh, by hobby robot, I mean the little guy that Subaru is putting away right now.”
Akiho: “Anyway, since the boys are doing their own thing, if you join we can have our own Girls' Alliance!”
Subaru: “An alliance? And who is it you're allying against?”
Akiho: “The boys.”
Subaru: “Absurd.”
Subaru coldly spits out his words, then starts messing with the program source code on his PokeCom attached to M45.
Annnd there he goes, off to his own little world.
Dude just follows his own path.
Junna: “Um... Did I make him mad?”
Akiho: “He's always like that. No worries.”
Subaru: “Indeed. Pay me no mind.”
Akiho: “Hey, hey. More importantly, Daitoku-san. After this, can you come with me to the Robot Clinic?”
Junna: “Huh?! Um, why...?”
Akiho: “I need to process some parts, so I have no choice but to use the equipment there.”
Akiho: “But I currently have a bill I can't pay over there. Doc'd wring my neck if he saw me.”
Junna: “Wring your neck?!”
Akiho: “So, I figured if I could use his granddaughter as a shield, I miiight be safe. Hehe.”
Er, didn't you try this exact same strat before ROBO-ONE and fall on your face?
Kaito: “Aki-chan has earned the title of ‘Coward.’”
Junna: “I-I can't. I can't go!”
Daitoku-san enters full rejection mode.
Her eyes are filled with tears as she desperately shakes her head from side to side.
Junna: “Um, I'm sorry for intruding. I'm going home now.”
Akiho: “Ah, ah, no! I was kidding! Never mind the Robot Clinic! Please don't go! Stay and take a look around!”
Kaito: “...”
Good grief. Could Akiho be any worse at trying to persuade people?
