I gaze out at the evening sun from the abandoned hotel's hallway, all the while sipping on corn soup.
This is my third one.
I've been waiting outside that stupidly cold fortress room for a match. Almost 30 minutes have gone by, and still no luck.
My PokeCom has been wired to Frau's machine, so I can't kill time by playing Kill-Ballad.
I asked her to either turn off the AC or bring the equipment outside, but she refused to do either.
How selfish can she be?
I gulp down the rest of the soup and decide to go back into that freezer of a room.
Goddamn, it's cold in here...
Kaito: “Did we get matched up?”
Frau: “...”
Frau is sitting cross-legged on a blanket. She lightly shakes her head back and forth.
I grab my PokeCom, still attached to her PC.
I then wrap myself in a blanket and look at the screen.
Frau: “O-Our opponents aren't even online, so...”
Kaito: “Whoa, whoa. Are you telling me you didn't even check beforehand?”
Frau: “My bad, duhuhu.”
Kaito: “You want me to wait for an opponent that might never even show up?”
Kaito: “Then there's no guarantee I'll even face them. And if we do somehow get matched up, if they kick me, it's over.”
I can't believe she went into this without any kind of plan.
She may be a genius at writing code, but she's completely inept at everything else.
There really is a paper-thin difference between genius and idiocy.
Kaito: “Can't you just load that cheat analysis tool onto my PokeCom? Then I wouldn't have to wait here.”
Basically, I want to go home.
Frau: “I could. But I refuse.”
Kaito: “Why?”
Frau: “I-I want you to d-do it where I can see you.”
There she goes again...
Does Frau actually want me to take care of these cheaters or not?
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “...”
In the end, all we can do is wait. We naturally go silent.
It's awkward, but I don't feel like I have much to talk to Frau about. It's better this way.
Though I suppose this silence is making me feel a bit restless.
Is she really okay with this temperature? If I stayed in a room like this with bare shoulders, I'd def catch a cold.
Yet, Frau doesn't appear to be cold at all. She just munches away at strawberry-flavored Pokky like a squirrel.
It's kinda sketchy being alone with a girl a year younger than me in a dark, abandoned hotel room like this.
Kaito: “What've you been doing for meals?”
Frau: “I-I get them from the convenience store with the hard-to-read kanji.”
Kaito: “Ah, the Irei General Store? Mizuka-san's place, huh.”
It's only a 10-minute walk away.
Frau: “H-Here.”
She offers me some Pokky sticks.
I take one and bite down on it.
Kaito: “Is this your main food?”
Frau nods her head up and down.
Ah, geez. I feel like in a few years, somebody's gonna find a skeleton in this room.
Kaito: “Can I play Kill-Ballad?”
Frau: “Of course not.”
My PokeCom is continually looking for a match against the top three. Apparently she added a tool for that.
Frau: “By the way, this island is way too laggy.”
Kaito: “I don't disagree. I was shocked when I went to Tokyo.”
Frau: “You're tera amazing for making it to the top five with this lag.”
Kaito: “To be honest, I always thought this was the norm. Once you get used to it, it's no big deal.”
Kaito: “I think I'd actually be weaker in a lag-free environment.”
I mean, hell, my win-loss record was awful in Tokyo.
Kaito: “Man, you really are the creator of Kill-Ballad, huh?”
Frau: “I'm Frau Koujiro, the genius programmer. 2ez.”
For real...?
Kaito: “Since we have some free time, how about telling me some dev secrets?”
Frau: “Gulp...”
For reasons unknown to me, she pretends to swallow loudly.
Kaito: “I'm not asking for like, top secret info or anything.”
I doubt there's anything like that to begin with.
Frau: “Senpai, what machine do you main?”
Kaito: “Gunvarrel.”
Frau: “Wh-When Gunvarrel's shoulder parts break off, the driller speed gets a little faster.”
Kaito: “Ah, you mean the activation time? By about two frames, right?”
Frau: “You noticed?”
Frau: “Also, after using it, th-the block stun is also shortened by one frame.”
Kaito: “Oh, I had a feeling that was the case. I see, so it really does reduce block stun...”
Frau: “It's a trap that lets you link your ult into a combo.”
Kaito: “Wait, seriously?!”
Kaito: “That makes a huge difference!”
Kaito: “No, the input timing is crazy narrow. And you can only cancel it after the third hit, right?”
Frau: “If it whiffs or the opponent blocks, it won't connect.”
Kaito: “But this might turn the driller from a simple chipping tool into a major damage dealer.”
Kaito: “Maybe I'll try coming up with some tech using the driller as the main attack...”
Kaito: “That's one helluva hot tip. You ain't the creator for nothing!”
Kaito: “But wouldn't the development side normally make something like that public?”
Frau: “I forgot about it.”
For someone who runs one of the most popular games in the world, she sure is lazy about it.
Frau: “Also, it's n-not like you need that kind of detailed info, Yashio-senpai.”
Frau: “Y-You have amazing abilities. Like, chuunibyou-level craziness.”
Amazing abilities...?
Frau: “I watched the ROBO-ONE match.”
Kaito: “Mine?”
Frau nods once.
Frau: “In the grand finals. Your reaction time.”
Kaito: “Ah, you mean Slo-mo.”
Frau: “Slo...?”
Kaito: “Slo-mo. It has an official name, but I call it that.”
Frau: “Some other videos have also been upped to Nico Nico Video.”
Frau: “Videos of UMISHO-shi's KB fights. The matches where you have crazy reaction time.”
Kaito: “Those are online?”
Maybe my opponents have been tossing them up.
It is true that I've had Slo-mo activate during matches once or twice.
Kaito: “I don't want anyone to get the wrong idea.”
Kaito: “Those are attacks I get, not some sort of special ability.”
Frau: “Three lines.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Frau: “Explain in three lines.”
Kaito: “No way. I don't want to talk about it.”
Frau: “What are the activation conditions? A-Are they voluntary?”
I want to click my tongue.
Frau seems to think my attacks are like a super move that can be activated by inputting a command.
Kaito: “I told you, they're attacks. I can't use them at will. That's the wrong way to describe them.”
Frau: “Attacks that give you super high reaction speeds went out of fashion in anime 10 years ago, btw.”
Frau: “But if you can legit use it, that's amazingtastic!”
Kaito: “Could you stop making light of this?”
Kaito: “When I get an attack, I feel like I'm about to die. I wish they didn't happen.”
Kaito: “Don't talk them up when you have no idea how much they suck.”
Kaito: “If you keep bothering me about them, I'll make it so that you can't live on this island anymore.”
I kid. If I spread rumors, I could make her an outsider at school, but she'd still be able to live here.
I just wanted to get her to stop asking questions.
But instead, Frau leans up against me.
Frau: “Th-Then, h-how about we humiliate each other?”
She whispers that to me without averting her gaze.
While I sit there baffled, she slides into the blanket wrapped around me.
She's pressing up against me.
As expected, Frau's skin is super cold.
Frau: “W-We'll both share a secret that we can't tell anyone else. Duhuhu.”
Kaito: “What are you...”
Frau: “Do you know why the last episode of Gunvarrel was never aired?”
That's right...
Akiho's told me this story time and time again.
Despite the show's three-year run, the final episode got canceled out of nowhere. Even now, nobody knows how it ends.
Does Frau actually know?
Kaito: “I couldn't care less.”
I'm serious. Although I'm sure Akiho would jump at the opportunity to hear it.
Frau: “Talk about it on the net and you'll get hit with restrictions. Your comments erased. Pressure put on you. For real.”
Kaito: “A stereotypical conspiracy theory. Why would info about an anime episode get restricted for years?”
Kaito: “There sure are people in this world with a lot of free time on their hands.”
Frau: “If that's what you want to believe, then I'm sure that's the case. In your head.”
Kaito: “Right back at you. So?”
Frau: “Th-The reason the final episode of Gunvarrel never aired is that...”
Frau: “People involved with the production suddenly died j-just before it was scheduled to air.”
Kaito: “That's an unsettling rumor.”
Frau: “And it wasn't just o-one person. It was at least...”
Frau: “13 people.”
Kaito: “What?”
Frau: “Right afterward, the director w-went missing.”
What the hell is this girl...
Frau: “So, people started suspecting that maybe the director was the culprit. Lulz, right?”
For some reason, Frau starts snickering, like she's holding back outright laughter.
Kaito: “Who suspected them?”
Frau: “Th-The survivors, o-of course.”
Kaito: “Not the police?”
Frau: “Th-The police were pressured to keep quiet about it. The mainstream press, too.”
Kaito: “Hahh...”
Kaito: “You heard this little rumor on the net, right?”
Kaito: “Are you telling me you actually buy into this junk?”
Kaito: “People from Tokyo always brag about their net literacy, but I just want to tell them to look in a mirror.”
Frau: “M-My real name is Furugoori Kona.”
Frau: “If you read the characters for Furugoori differently, you get Kogoori.”
Kaito: “Hm?”
What's she suddenly talking about?
Frau: “The name of the d-director of the Gunvarrel anime was...”
Frau: “Kogoori Minami.”
Frau: “My mama.”
Kaito: “...”
What did she just say?
Kaito: “Wait, hold on a sec... Are you being serious?”
I can feel Frau nod ever so slightly.
Frau: “I'm th-the daughter of a murder suspect.”
Frau: “Th-This is the legit truth.”
Frau: “I've been looking for her for almost three years. I only recently got a lead.”
Frau: “I found out where Mama was last seen.”
Frau: “Here, on this island.”
Frau: “That's why I moved here.”
Whoa, whoa. Hold up. Nobody asked to hear all the deets of this crazy heavy story.
This is like a form of terrorism. She's forcing me to hear her confession without giving me a choice.
Or this could be Frau making up some ridiculous story, and she just made the lie seem believable. Very likely.
Regardless, I feel like this younger girl has held all the cards in her hand since we first met.
Kaito: “This is dirty.”
Frau: “...”
Frau seems calm for someone who just revealed that her mom might be a murderer. She hasn't shed a single tear either.
Why?
Because it's a lie. Every part of it is false.
I've never heard anything about staff dying or the director being the suspect. Even Akiho the Gunvarrel maniac has never mentioned it.
And you're telling me that the killer fled to Tanegashima of all places?
None of it makes sense.
Which is exactly why there's no need for me to play along with any of this.
Kaito: “To be perfectly honest, you're really weirding me out.”
Kaito: “I don't care whether it's the truth or not. I'm gonna pretend you never told me anything.”
Kaito: “I don't want to get involved with more drama.”
I smile insincerely.
When I try to push Frau away from me...
She grabs my arm inside the blanket.
Kaito: “...”
Her grip is tight, so much so that her nails dig into me.
Not only is it dark, but she's hanging her head, so I can't tell what her expression looks like.
But no matter how much I try to get her to let go, she won't.
In fact, her grip only tightens.
The pain starts to get intense, and I can't endure it any longer.
Kaito: “Ugh... ow, ow ow ow!”
I end up groaning in pain.
Just then, the matching success sound plays from my PokeCom.
Frau: “...!”
Frau raises her head in surprise.
She immediately lets go of my arm.
Here's my chance!
I hurry out of the blanket and look at the PokeCom screen.
Kaito: “It's Bob Lee. Rank three.”
Frau: “Here we go.”
If I recall correctly, I have five wins on him. But I also have over 30 losses. My win ratio is terrible.
I only got those wins through luck.
Frau: “Bob Lee uses Sneijder.”
Kaito: “Yeah, I know.”
Sneijder is a long-range sniper type, unlike Gunvarrel's hand-to-hand style. Weak CQC, but strong long-range offense.
The troublesome thing about Bob Lee's Sneijder is how astounding his sniping abilities are.
Frau: “F-Fan sites on the net gave him the nickname ‘Precision Machine.’”
Kaito: “‘Precise’ doesn't even come close to describing his skills. They're abnormal.”
This guy likes matches on the city map.
Urban combat is full of obstacles, but he can snipe precisely through the tiny gaps in those obstacles.
It doesn't even matter how fast I'm moving around.
There's no way that kind of precision is possible using the naked eye.
He normally lands three hits during a match, so you can't write it off as dumb luck or intuition.
That's why I suspect that Bob Lee is a cheater.
He might have an overhead view of the whole map, or he might be using cheat software like an aimbot or something.
Kaito: “Just to confirm, I don't have to win, right?”
Frau: “Correcto. J-Just fight them.”
Frau: “Think you can win?”
Kaito: “If I can close the distance, I can make mincemeat out of him.”
But if it was that easy, I wouldn't have 30 losses against Sneijder.
Kaito: “Well, I'll just do what I can.”
Kaito: “Hah! How's that?!”
Kaito: “Your cheats ain't got jack on me. How embarrassing.”
I pump my fist into the air.
Excuse me for getting excited, but I usually can't beat this guy.
Kaito: “...”
As expected, his sniping ability is abnormal.
Kaito: “Well, whatever. Getting serious against a cheater is pointless.”
Kaito: “Plus, this environment is terrible. I couldn't give it my all.”
Kaito: “It's too cold, so my hands couldn't keep up with my brain signals. That's why I asked you to turn off the AC.”
Frau: “...”
Hm...?
For some reason, Frau is staring at my hands.
Kaito: “Kona-chan?”
Frau: “S-Senpai, can I lick your fingers?”
Kaito: “Wh-What the hell? Are you an idiot?”
Frau: “You have such beautiful fingers...”
Frau: “I have a hand fetish.”
Kaito: “Too much info.”
Tokyo girls are scary. I didn't think perverts like her actually existed.
Kaito: “Anyway, did you get the analysis done?”
Frau: “O-Of course. I'd put my virginity on the line.”
Kaito: “...”
For just a second, I hesitate on how to react.
In games, I can come up with a perfect response within eight frames. But in real life? To this?
I-I guess I'll just ignore it.
Kaito: “So, did you get any evidence?”
Frau starts fiddling with her PokeCom.
But her movements quickly stop cold.
Frau: “Grrr...?”
Did something happen?
Frau: “I know I was monitoring it... but there's no traces of any cheating...”
Kaito: “Seriously?”
Frau: “Did I mess up? Rosetta, look into it.”
Can someone explain who Rosetta is?
Frau: “All green? For real? What about the Tokyo team?”
Frau: “Hmm.”
Frau starts scratching at her so-called “Hair as hard-as-steel.”
Frau: “Nobody could confirm that Bob Lee was cheating...”
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Frau: “I had people from my c-circle in Tokyo checking online, too.”
Frau: “B-But nobody could find evidence of cheating.”
Kaito: “Then Bob Lee isn't a cheater?”
I was so sure of it.
Frau: “H-He might have cheat technology that doesn't show up on my analysis tool.”
So, he has more advanced tech than we do?
Kaito: “Well-, there could be actual monsters in the world who have natural talent on the level of cheats.”
Hell, even my Slo-mo got confused for cheating by Frau.
While I personally don't want to admit that Bob Lee isn't a cheater, if there's no evidence, I have to accept reality.
Kaito: “That leaves Hanasono at #2 and Takanoai at #1.”
But it's getting late.
Kaito: “I'm going home for today. Two and One aren't even online, right?”
Frau: “Hmm?”
Frau tilts her head, puzzled.
Seems like she's not satisfied with these results.
Frau: “I'm th-the daughter of a murder suspect.”
I recall her dangerous confession from earlier. It's like it never happened at all.
Personally, I prefer it that way.
Thus, I leave the room without saying anything else to Frau.
When I exit the hotel, Akiho just happens to be standing out front.
Akiho: “Ah, Kai!”
Akiho: “I was wondering where you were. You were with Frau Bow?!”
Kaito: “Pretty much. I was holding up my end of the bargain.”
Akiho: “You were alone together?”
Kaito: “I suppose so.”
Akiho: “Hmm...”
Akiho- eyes me with suspicion.
Kaito: “What?”
Akiho: “Since when did you become such a playboy, Kai?”
Kaito: “Do I seriously look like one?”
Akiho: “Nope.”
Akiho: “You only care about games, after all.”
Kaito: “You know me all too well.”
Akiho: “I know you better than you know yourself.”
Kaito: “No chance.”
Akiho: “Why not?!”
Akiho: “You're the one always saying you know me better than I know myself!”
Kaito: “Because it's true.”
Akiho: “Fine. Whatever. I don't care.”
Akiho: “So, were you playing games in Frau Bow's room?”
Kaito: “That's right. She offered us that program, so I gave her some of my time in return.”
Kaito: “Although to be honest, I'd prefer to play games over hanging around with that perverted shut-in.”
Akiho: “I thought you said you were playing games?”
Kaito: “I was playing games.”
Akiho: “...?”
Akiho: “By the way, do you think I could talk to Frau Bow now?”
Kaito: “You? About what?”
Akiho: “N-Nothing in particular. I just wanna, you know, deepen our relationship?”
Kaito: “I have a few pieces of advice for you.”
Kaito: “The AC is on way too high, so it's stupidly cold in there.”
Kaito: “Also, she's a pervert.”
Akiho: “Wh-What's that supposed to mean?”
Kaito: “Exactly what you think it means.”
Akiho: “Well, whatever. You come with me.”
She's trying to force me back into that frozen hell?
Give me a break...
Akiho ignores me and pushes the intercom button.
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “...”
No answer.
Akiho: “She's in, right?”
Kaito: “Yup.”
She presses it again.
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Kona-chan seemed pretty busy, so she's probably ignoring the intercom.”
Akiho: “‘She's very frank. I don't appreciate it.’”
Kaito: “Let's just go home, Aki-chan.”
I give Akiho a reassuring pat on the shoulder, but she's clearly dejected.
Akiho: “How is it that we have all these new members, and yet the Robotics Club still doesn't operate like a club?”
Akiho: “Shouldn't we be all, ‘Friendship! Passion! Victory!’ or something?”
Kaito: “Considering three of our five members have serious personality issues, you should probably give up on that.”
Needless to say, I'm including myself among the three.
