She was in the way.
An old emotion drifts by in the back of my mind.
It's bittersweet, causing something deep in my chest to tighten up.
As soon as I close my eyes to try to get to the bottom of those feelings...
The truck I'm riding in rocks back and forth and comes to a turbulent stop.
There are no other vehicles in the parking lot of Uchugaoka Park.
It can fit about 50 cars, but the place rarely fills now. A few years ago, it'd be packed with people on a launch day.
Mitsuhiko: “All right, we're here.”
Mizuka: “Thanks.”
Mizuka: “Also, your driving sucks. As usual.”
Mitsuhiko: “Hey now, I'm going the speed limit.”
Mizuka: “Yeah, so how is your driving so goddamn rough?”
I open the passenger door.
I then place my feet flat on the ground.
As I slowly transition my body weight to my lower body, the HUG's motor activates and stabilizes my balance.
Mizuka: “It's nice out now.”
Kinda feels like the rain from an hour or so ago was all just a dream.
Right now, the sunset proudly dominates the sky.
I give myself a good stretch.
The scent of rain and soil tickles my nostrils. It's been a while... I rarely step outside on rainy days nowadays.
The air is cooler than usual, but the moistness still lingers around my skin, and it's a little annoying.
I stand up and begin walking.
The HUG unit equipped on my legs sounds louder than usual, perhaps because the park is dead silent.
Still, the HUG's drive noise has dropped a ton over the years. So says Takagi, my HUG engineer.
Mitsuhiko: “Here ya go.”
Mitchie catches up with me and hands me his PokeCom.
I grab it and take a look at the screen.
Mitsuhiko: “So, ‘IRUO.’ is already up and running. Understand?”
Mizuka: “Even I can tell that much.”
Mitchie and I have known each other since high school. Even back then, he was a condescending prick.
I can't even begin to count how many times I've kicked his ass.
But even then, I just can't bring myself to hate him.
Mitsuhiko: “You think we'll really see one?”
Mitsuhiko: “Pro tip, ghosts only exist in our hearts. They're a reflection of your psychological state.”
Mizuka: “Yeah, whatever.”
You can't hate him, but he'll sure make you wanna punch him. That's Mitchie in a nutshell.
Having known him for 10 years now, I've long since grown tired of actually reacting to everything he says.
Mizuka: “I'll be borrowing this for a bit.”
I stand still, hold the PokeCom up to my eyes, and scan my surroundings with ‘IRUO.’
Mitsuhiko: “Right-o. I'll be waiting in the car. Feel free to head on back when you get bored.”
Mizuka: “Roger that.”
I see Mitchie off through the ‘IRUO.’ screen.
I then scan my surroundings once more.
The reason I'm here is because I'm looking for that girl.
The ghost that Kai claims to have seen. I've heard those rumors before, but I didn't think it'd turn out to be Airi.
I first learned about her nine years ago.
But I haven't seen her since.
And I didn't want to.
After my legs were crippled, I dropped out of college and came back to the island.
It's a tiny place. I've had plenty of opportunities to see her again.
I mean, I could easily just make excuses since I'm an analog person who doesn't even own a tablet.
So, what am I even doing right now?
What do I intend on doing when I find her?
I don't know.
Mizuka: “Gosh, what am I doing...”
I laugh at myself and turn in the direction of the Community Center's remains.
There she is.
Mizuka: “...!”
We make eye contact.
I forget to breathe for a second as I stare at her.
It's as if she's standing there, tangibly, like a real person.
On top of that...
Airi looks at me and happily smiles, just as she did nine years ago.
Airi: “Hello!”
That single word is enough to shake me to my very core.
It's been nine years since we last met, yet here she is, casually greeting me like we just saw each other yesterday.
Airi: “Would you like to hear the weather?”
Airi: “The weather tomorrow, July 18th, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be clear with strong east winds.”
Airi: “Air temperature: high of 30 degrees, low of 25 degrees. Wave height: 3 meters.”
Mizuka: “You haven't changed a bit.”
Her innocent smile.
The fact that she likes talking about the weather.
Her looks, her height.
Mizuka: “In fact, it scares me how little you've changed...”
Airi: “...?”
After seeing her again, I finally realize.
I realize that I wanted to express a single emotion that I've kept bottled up for nine years.
Mizuka: “Hey, Airi.”
Mizuka: “Have you been stuck here for the last nine years?”
Airi: “Stuck...?”
Airi: “I don't quite understand.”
Mizuka: “Are you happy right now?”
Airi doesn't answer. She tilts her head, waiting for me to speak again.
Mizuka: “Hey, Airi...”
Something deep inside my chest stings.
I look up as if to escape Airi's honest gaze.
Mizuka: “Can you disappear?”
I don't know if this is out of jealousy or friendship.
Back then... and even now... this girl has always been in the way.
