Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Hey, I know you're in here. Will you come out for a second?”
Once you're made aware of her existence, there's no putting her back in the box.
That's why it bugs me so much.
It's too late to wish I'd never noticed her.
No matter how much we try to stay out of each other's way, ultimately, she's still here. No amount of pretending will change that.
Airi: “Um, are you talking to me?”
I hear her voice.
As long as my PokeCom isn't in sleep mode, I can hear Airi's voice even if I can't see her.
It actually gives me the chills.
As far as I'm concerned, I wouldn't be surprised if something like this got treated as a virus and erased.
Kaito: “Hey, Airi-chan. I have a question for you.”
Airi: “Am I allowed to call you ‘Big Brother’ again?”
Kaito: “Whatever...”
Airi: “Okay, Big Brother♪”
Her joyful tone kinda irks me.
Airi: “I'm really happy you're talking to me again, Big Brother.”
Airi: “What did you want to talk about? The weather?”
Airi: “The weather tomorrow, July 12th, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be—”
Kaito: “I don't care about the weather.”
Airi: “Oh, okay...”
Kaito: “Were you at the Irei General Store earlier?”
Airi: “Yup.”
She admitted to it?!
Airi: “I've been following you all over the place lately. I've gotten to visit so many different places!”
Airi: “The school, the old airport, the Irei General Store, and even your house, too!”
Airi: “It's been super fun, like a field trip!”
Her words are so innocent that they sound like they're from a grade schooler's summer vacation diary.
Kaito: “In other words, you've been following me around all along?”
Airi: “Um, it's not that I was following you. I'm attached to it.”
Kaito: “To what?”
Airi: “The report file.”
Kaito: “...”
She's attached to the report file?
What's that supposed to mean?
She's gotta be talking about the Kimijima Report from the other day.
And wait, where did that power mark disappear to?
I can't seem to find it through ‘IRUO.’ today.
Kaito: “Hold on, did the report transfer entirely to my PokeCom?”
Airi: “Yup, that seems to be the case.”
Kaito: “Seriously? The original data got transferred just by clicking it? It's not just a copy?”
Airi: “Huh?”
She looks lost.
I'm guessing she doesn't understand.
I guess it's time to call out Sister Centipede.
I tap on the Airi displayed on my PokeCom for a few seconds.
Airi: “Hah!”
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede Mode.”
Kaito: “Have you been listening so far?”
Sister Centipede: “I am up to speed.”
Kaito: “So, is it true that the file was transferred, not copied?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes. It was a cut-and-paste operation.”
Kaito: “And what's the deal with Airi-chan being linked to the report?”
Sister Centipede: “She has been transferred to your PokeCom, Yashio-san.”
Kaito: “Gimme a damn break. Nobody said anything about this.”
This feels like one big trap.
I really should've just walked away after Sister Centipede told me the password.
Sister Centipede: “ is attached to all of the Kimijima Report files and is therefore limited in movement.”
Sister Centipede: “ can move freely within a 109.3 meter radius of the corresponding file installation point.”
Kaito: “And if I move around while holding said file?”
Sister Centipede: “The location of the file is tracked via GPS. If the file moves,  will also move accordingly.”
So basically, Airi is being dragged along by the file in my possession, meaning she's stuck to me.
In that case, I gotta remove this girl, er, app, from my PokeCom as soon as possible.
Otherwise, Airi will be visible in my PokeCom 24/7.
Plus, I don't think I'd be able to handle it if she started talking every time I turn on my PokeCom. I mean, I do that in class, in the bathroom, before I sleep...
Kaito: “Tell me how to remove the report file.”
Sister Centipede: “You can remove it like any other app.”
Sister Centipede: “Please click on the Report File #01 icon displayed in your document viewer.”
Sister Centipede: “From there, you can copy, cut, paste, or delete it.”
Kaito: “Isn't it kinda bad that the original data can be deleted so easily? Who knows who could've gotten their hands on it.”
Sister Centipede: “It was protected via password. Guests cannot delete it.”
Kaito: “Oh, that's right.”
I was only able to access it because for some reason, Airi gave me the password. This really feels like a set-up.
Kaito: “What'll happen if I accidentally delete it?”
Sister Centipede: “Both  and Sister Centipede will also be deleted.”
Kaito: “I figured.”
Apparently there are other Airis, so I don't really mind deleting her, but I hesitate since it's the original data.
I mean, this thing is like Kimijima Kou's last will and testament.
It'd leave a bad taste in my mouth if I just got rid of it.
Which means I should just return it to its original location instead.
Kaito: “How do I paste it?”
Sister Centipede: “While ‘IRUO.’ is active, you can drag it to the preferred location to paste it.”
Kaito: “If I copy it, will there be two Airi-chans?”
Sister Centipede: “No.  will only follow the original report file.”
Sister Centipede: “She will not follow a copy.”
Then perfect. That's settled.
I search for the file on my PokeCom, launch ‘IRUO.’, and drag the file out.
Kaito: “How's that?”
Sister Centipede: “Report File #01 has been transferred to the specific location.”
Sister Centipede: “Location information: 30 degrees and 40 minutes north latitude, 130 degrees and 90 minutes east longitude.”
Kaito: “That's a wrap.”
Now I don't have to drag an AR girl around with me wherever I go.
I feel like I've been exorcised of an evil spirit or something.
Kaito: “By the way, Airi-chan, you don't have any weird viruses or anything, right?”
Kaito: “Don't tell me you're infecting anyone who accesses the file or something like that. That'd seriously suck.”
Sister Centipede: “No such virus has been detected by the self-diagnosis in  and Sister Centipede.”
Kaito: “That's a relief.”
Assuming Sister Centipede isn't lying.
Do AIs even lie?
Nah.
What a stupid question.
Maybe I'm unconsciously treating Airi like a human being just because she can talk like a human.
There are all sorts of apps just like this. They're pretty popular, even.
I've bought a few in the past, but I'd always get tired of them after like a week.
Anyhow, I hold my finger down on Airi's face.
Sister Centipede: “Nn...”
Sister Centipede: “Closing Sister Centipede.”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “Big Brother, would you like to hear the weather? Or is this goodbye?”
Like an on/off switch, she's back to normal.
Her tone and expression feel kind of sad and lonely.
She certainly knows how to pander.
But I won't be fooled.
Plenty of other apps do this, too.
Plus, I have more important business. I ask her about the one other thing I wanted to confirm.
Kaito: “Hey, Airi-chan. Do you know who Misa-nee is?”
Airi: “Misa-nee? What's that?”
Kaito: “The name of a person. Senomiya Misaki.”
Airi: “Oh, I know Misaki! She's my friend.”
Kaito: “Well then...”
Mizuka-san was telling the truth.
Kaito: “Have you seen her recently?”
Airi: “No. Misaki left me, just like you're going to now.”
Kaito: “Is that sarcasm I'm sensing? If it is, you must be a pretty little advanced AI.”
Airi: “I'm pretty smart!”
For reasons beyond me, she looks happy.
It's these oddly human bits of hers that make me mad.
Kaito: “Did you play with Misa-nee and stuff?”
Airi: “She talked to me.”
Airi: “Mostly about things that happened in school, or about her friends. Mizuka, Keiko, Mitsuhiko, Yuuichi, Mei, Takami.”
Airi: “I heard about you and Akiho, too. She talked about playing games with you.”
Kaito: “She mentioned me?”
Airi: “Misaki would always tell me about how she ‘bodied’ you in games. Is that correct?”
Kaito: “Yeah, that's right.”
Why did she have to bring up my childhood trauma?
Yeah, it's true that Misa-nee used to body me at games when I was a kid.
But just winning a match against her would make me so happy that I'd start jumping all over the place.
Eh, now's not the time to go on a trip down memory lane.
Kaito: “What else did you do with Misa-nee?”
Airi: “Just talk. We never went anywhere together.”
Kaito: “What kinds of conversations did you have?”
Airi: “I already told you. Things that happened in school that day, her friends, you.”
Kaito: “That sounds too ordinary.”
Airi: “Isn't that what friends are?”
Kaito: “Er, well, uh, you know.”
I feel like the fact that Airi is such a unique existence is itself not ordinary.
But as far as she's told me, they only chatted like friends would.
Did Misa-nee really treat this AI app like an actual friend?
Didn't Mizuka-san say something along those lines?
Mizuka: “Airi was... friends with Misa.”
When I mentioned Kimijima Kou's name, Mizuka-san looked deeply worried. I thought maybe she had something to do with it.
Kaito: “So, what's the deal with Kimijima Kou? Who is he?”
Airi: “Sister Centipede already explained it to you the other day.”
Kaito: “What kind of person was he to you, Airi-chan?”
Airi: “Master is Master, and I'm his creation.”
Master, huh?
So, is he sorta like her father?
I wonder what it must feel like to be chained to your father's will for 10 years.
Ah, crap. Not again.
I'm still letting her human-like appearance drive my thoughts.
She's just an AI. Thinking about this is pointless.
AIs don't have feelings. They're just digital beings.
Kaito: “But why did Kimijima Kou leave his report here?”
Even 10 years ago, this place was already an abandoned mess.
There's no way he was expecting anyone to come here.
So, maybe he didn't want the file to be very visible?
But even then, this is a pretty lackluster hiding spot.
Since it's abandoned, there's pretty much no security.
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “A sound...”
I can hear the fax-like sound again.
It's extremely faint.
But thanks to how quiet this park is at night, as long as I keep my breathing to a minimum, I can hear it.
What the hell is it?
This whole building is full of mysteries.
If I don't get to the bottom of this, I'll never be able to game here in peace.
Especially...
When it comes to what's at the bottom of those stairs.
What could it be?
Kaito: “I really don't think it's a good idea to go any further.”
The staircase leads down to the first floor of the building.
I stand in front of it and can't help but groan.
It's impossible to see down there.
There are plenty of pitch black roads on the island, but this feels different.
Airi: “Do you hate the dark, Big Brother?”
Kaito: “It's not just dark, okay? It's creepy.”
Airi: “I understand. You don't hate the dark, you're scared of it.”
Kaito: “...”
I mean, I guess she's right. But still.
Kaito: “What's down there?”
Airi: “Something weird.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Airi: “‘Pipii boo.’”
Airi: “It makes sounds like that.”
Kaito: “...!”
The buzzing.
So, the source of that sound is down here?
Kaito: “Is someone in there?”
Airi: “I don't think so.”
Kaito: “You don't know for sure? Does that mean someone's been by before?”
Airi: “I don't know.”
What's with these endlessly vague answers?
Kaito: “What about right now? Is there anyone there?”
Airi: “I don't think so.”
Argh. Whatever.
I take a deep breath, steel my resolve, and step toward the darkness.
Once I reach the bottom of the stairs, I can hear a low frequency, machine-like sound.
It's a wee bit different from the buzzing noise.
Airi: “Do you like exploring places, Big Brother?”
My nose feels itchy, probably from all the dust.
Not to mention there's an awful stench here.
I really hope there aren't any dead rats or cats lying around.
Kaito: “Whoa.”
I almost trip over some junk and fall on my face.
Kaito: “Close call.”
Airi: “Close? What's close?”
Kaito: “Do you have trouble seeing in the dark just like a real person?”
Airi: “I can't see when I'm inside!”
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Airi: “My eyes use ‘IRUO.’”
Airi: “As long as an area is mapped by ‘IRUO.’, I can see normally.”
Airi: “But when I'm inside a building, I can't see anything.”
It's true that the virtual world viewer installed in ‘IRUO.’ doesn't map the insides of buildings.
If that function is utilized as her eyes, then it's no surprise that Airi loses her sight in situations like this.
Kaito: “So, does that mean you can't see anything in here?”
Airi: “Yup.”
Kaito: “Useless...”
I end up relying on my own vision and the weak light from the PokeCom to proceed.
Kaito: “Ouch!”
Airi: “What's the matter?”
I hit a dead end in the path and literally smashed my face against a wall.
I light up the area in front of me as I rub my aching nose.
That's when I realize it's not a wall.
Kaito: “It's a door...”
Wait, is it really?
It's made of metal, and moreover, there's nothing like a knob on its surface.
But trying to think of it as the wall of an old, abandoned building like this would make no sense. It'd be bizarre, even.
This one spot looks brand new.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, can we go in here?”
Airi: “Where is here?”
Airi: “I can't see what you're doing, Big Brother.”
Oh, that's right.
Does that mean even Airi has never been inside here before?
Well, either way, how am I gonna get in?
There's nowhere to hold onto. Plus, I don't even know if I'm supposed to push, pull, or slide the thing.
I try pushing it to start with, but it doesn't budge.
I then lightly strike it with my hand.
It doesn't sound very thin.
When I looked at the building from the outside, some of the windows on the first floor were sealed with metal plates.
Judging by the relative location, this might be the room they're connect to.
Given how tightly it was sealed up, getting in from the outside would be impossible. Which means the only way inside is through this door.
Maybe I should summon Sister Centipede and ask for a hint?
But considering how dark it is, would I even be able to find Airi?
Kaito: “Password...”
A geotag in plain sight.
If I put in the right password, the door'll open?
Kaito: “...”
This sure seems like a familiar situation.
Back then, Sister Centipede gave me the password without hesitation.
It was a password that definitely wasn't supposed to be leaked.
A part of me was hoping she'd do the same thing again, but...
She stays silent.
You know what, I got nothing to lose. Let's try the password she gave me before.
I believe it was “HiddenHand.”
Enter.
The door opened!
But wait... this is supposed to be just a random room in an abandoned building in the sticks. Nothing this bizarre should be here.
The windows are sealed with metal plates.
The door itself is sealed with a digital lock.
I almost forget where I am for a moment.
It's almost like this single place is connected to another world or something.
The door was opened via the HiddenHand password, which means this place was built by the person who put the report file here.
Kimijima Kou.
He's undoubtedly involved with all of this.
Despite the windows being closed in the middle of summer, the room is unnaturally cool.
There's no ceiling lighting, but the red glow helps me get a feel for the room.
I just stand at the entrance, breathing hesitantly.
It feels like if I make the slightest of noises, I'll be caught by some unknown force.
This room...
I don't know why...
But it makes me tremendously uncomfortable.
It's obvious to me that this place is strange.
But I can't put a finger on why it creeps me out so much.
It's strange, sure, but it feels like there's something even more unsettling hiding beneath all of this...
Cold sweat drips down my back.
Before I know it, my cheeks are soaked.
The first thing that catches my eye is a mysterious device in the center of the room.
It's fairly large, taking up most of the space in the small room. The thing is almost as tall as the ceiling.
It's got quite the presence, and it's running to boot.
The low-frequency humming noise proves it. The LCD screen on it is lit, and there are blue LED lights lit up too.
It looks like a giant copy machine, but the numbers and flags displayed on the screen make it clear that's not the case.
I should stay away from that thing.
My instincts are screaming at me.
This is on a whole different level than Airi or even the Kimijima Report I stumbled upon.
Why, you ask?
Because who in the world is supplying electricity to a device located in an abandoned building like this?
This is actually genuinely absurd.
Wasn't this place supposed to be abandoned?
Why is there electricity?
Not even the Robotics Club's hangar has electricity.
But that's because the hangar was abandoned. Of course it doesn't have a current.
So, either the electric company screwed up, or this place only looks abandoned and is being used for something else.
What the hell is this place?
Completely baffled, I look away from the machine.
That's when I realize something.
The reason why I feel so uncomfortable.
The digital lock, the strange machine, the active electricity: rather than just being strange, it's more like none of them feel real in the first place.
But...
That's not why.
That's not why I feel uncomfortable in this room.
In the corner of the room is an old wooden table with a foldable chair.
That's the cause.
Sitting on the table is something terribly unusual.
I initially thought it was an old PC or something, but its shape is too weird for that.
It's about the same size as the tool box we use at the club.
There are speakers on the left and right sides of its body. Several buttons line the top of it.
Is it some kind of cassette player?
Cassette players are audio playback devices which used cassette tapes that were popular until the '90s. I think Dad's old one is still in our storage.
Boldly sitting in front of the cassette player is a mic stand.
It'd make sense to think it was placed there to capture whatever audio came out of the cassette player.
This is creeping me out.
I didn't feel like this at all with the generator-like machine or with the digital door.
This cassette player, mic, and folding chair all suggest one thing...
Someone has been here.
Someone placed this cassette player and mic there, then put down a chair to sit on.
Who?
Sure, both the door and machine are undoubtedly man-made and were put there by a real person.
But this unsettling presence I feel from the cassette player and mic is much more overwhelming.
I feel like throwing up.
I want to get out of here as soon as possible.
If I get any more stressed out, I could risk getting an attack.
But I also can't afford to leave without checking the player.
Why? Because I noticed there's a tape in its tape deck.
I've read online that people used to record things on cassette tapes and listen to them.
Long before I was born, anyway.
Kaito: “...”
And as if I'd been pulled in by the unseen...
I'd already pressed the play button.
The cassette tape begins to turn.
No sound.
Why does it work? Well, I confirmed there's a power cord coming from it plugged into an outlet.
There really is power here.
Kaito: “Whoa.”
And then all of a sudden, the silence in the room is broken by the “Kagome Kagome” melody.
Something about it is off, distorted. I listen closely.
Junna: “Though apparently, the alert sound wasthe same as the one used for earthquakes.”
Junna: “The contents of the message were, um, kinda scary...”
Junna: “They were the lyrics to Kagome Kagome.”
I think back on my conversation with Junna from a few hours ago.
Kaito: “Gh...!”
This has to be a coincidence, right?
I doubt Junna knows anything about this room.
And I find it hard to believe that she led me here.
But this is all too much to just be incidental.
The more I think about it, the more inexplicable and unsettling it becomes.
I could think about this for hours on end, but I doubt I'd reach an answer.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, you still there?”
Airi: “Yup.”
I look over to the generator-like machine again.
Now that I've seen it, I can't just ignore it.
I want to curse my own recklessness.
Why in the world did I come here?
Ugh, this is all because I couldn't let sleeping dogs lie.
The moment I ran into Airi, I was doomed to come here.
Kaito: “That weird beeping noise you mentioned earlier, is it coming from this machine?”
Airi: “I didn't call it a beeping noise.”
Airi: “It's ‘pipii boo’.”
Kaito: “I couldn't care less about the differences in nuance.”
Kaito: “Is it this machine or not?”
Airi: “Which one? I can't see it.”
Kaito: “It's a big machine.”
Airi: “If it looks weird, that's probably it.”
Looks weird?
You gotta give me more to go on than that.
That's way too vague.
Kaito: “Then I'll ask Sister Centipede.”
Airi: “Yes. Please do.”
Airi glances around aimlessly and turns the other way.
I guess she can't tell where I'm standing.
Without warning, I tap her so as to avoid any further pointless bantering.
Airi: “Hah!”
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede Mode.”
Kaito: “I found a locked room on the first floor of the Old Minamitane Community Center. The password you gave me worked on it.”
Kaito: “What's with the machine there?”
Sister Centipede: “That's the EGI System.”
Sister Centipede once again reveals the truth to me without any hesitation.
Kaito: “The EG what now?”
Sister Centipede: “It is a device that sends a specific frequency sound toward outer space, coming from the radar.”
Kaito: “The dial-up tone...”
Sister Centipede: “Anyone can hear it when coming within a meter of the radar. It doesn't stand out very much, though.”
Radar...?
Is she talking about that one metal tower nearby?
Kaito: “That radar belongs to JAXA, right? It's the same as the one in the Uchugaoka Observatory.”
Sister Centipede: “Incorrect.”
Kaito: “Wha? Then who does it belong to?”
Sister Centipede: “That information is currently unknown.”
Kaito: “Wait, how is that possible?”
Sister Centipede: “The EGI System has been running over 10 years without oversight. Ownership went up in smoke with Master's death.”
Master... Kimijima Kou, I'm assuming?
Kaito: “So then, is it true that Kimijima Kou built this thing?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
Kaito: “Isn't it odd that it's still running even after its creator died? What about the electricity bill?”
Sister Centipede: “Electricity bill?”
Kaito: “Someone needs to keep paying for the electricity, otherwise it'll turn off.”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
Kaito: “So, who's paying for it?”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede does not know.”
Kaito: “Could it be the company behind ‘IRUO.’?”
Sister Centipede: “Happiness4U is not involved with the EGI system.”
Well then...
So, does this mean Kimijima Kou is truly the sole creator?
Kaito: “Can you look into who's fronting the bill?”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede is not a search engine. It is an information collection bot related to specific words.”
Sister Centipede: “Feel free to search for yourself, Yashio-san.”
Kaito: “Fine, fine.”
I guess I'll leave for now.
If I stay any longer, I really am gonna throw up.
As soon as I get outside, I take a deep breath.
My shirt is soaked in sweat.
The evening breeze feels cold because of how moist I am.
I sit in place and start talking to Sister Centipede again.
Kaito: “So, what happens when you send the buzzing sound toward the Sun?”
Sister Centipede: “ recognizes it as ‘pipii boo,’ not ‘buzzing.’”
Kaito: “Whatever.”
Why does she have to be so particular about the details?
Sister Centipede: “Master studied the Sun as something both beneficial and harmful to the world.”
Sister Centipede: “You can say that solar storms typically have catastrophic effects on the planet, but the Sun in its most active period can also be a wonderful mountain of treasures.”
Kaito: “You're starting to sound like a spokesperson.”
Sister Centipede: “ unfortunately didn't spend much time with Master. Therefore, she has a limited number of his words saved.”
Sister Centipede: “ and Sister Centipede use those words as guidance for our autonomous actions.”
So, there's a program running to make them sound like they trust their father. Autonomous, but it seems to have some kind of purpose.
Is the end goal the Kimijima Reports and this EGI System?
Kaito: “What exactly was Kimijima Kou trying to do on this island?”
Sister Centipede: “That is confidential.”
Kaito: “Why did Kimijima Kou die?”
Sister Centipede: “Master was murdered.”
Kaito: “Wha...?”
Her response is so straight to the point that I nearly miss it.
He was... murdered?
She really just said that.
Kaito: “B-By who?”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Sister Centipede: “The corresponding data has been deleted.”
Deleted? You gotta be kidding me.
Airi is part of ‘IRUO.’ So, the only ones who can delete Airi's backup data is the company in charge: Happiness4U.
Are they behind this?
Was it some kind of internal strife like what you see on the news?
No, that can't be all of it.
That's not the full picture.
The things written in the Kimijima Report are starting to feel more and more real.
The report that once looked like the conspiracy ravings of a con artist.
If all of it is true...
If Kimijima Kou was murdered because of that report...
Then what in the world is going on in Tanegashima?
