Whenever one is in a flood of sound, one's body naturally gets into a rhythm.
For me, the rhythm of rock best matches my body's rhythm. That's why I always have some playing loudly in my store.
At my age, I've started to think it wouldn't be so bad to die surrounded by this sound. I grin to myself.
I sense someone's presence and look toward the door. Two high school students have come in.
The girl is a regular, but the boy with her isn't her usual escort. I've never seen him before.
Akiho: “...!”
Akiho: “...!!!”
The girl is shouting something at me and seems to be gesturing with her hands to turn down the volume.
I have no choice, so I turn the dial on the stereo amp.
Akiho: “Hahh...”
Akiho: “There's definitely something wrong with your ears, Doc.”
Fujita: “A stupid brat who avoids paying her tab has no right to say jack.”
I put the parts bill on her tab, but she hasn't shown her face in over 20 days.
The Robotics Club is a regular customer, but I never thought the current president would be a brat who trampled on my kindness.
I heard she's Misaki's younger sister, but she's completely different.
Though I suppose they are kinda alike in a way.
Akiho: “Hehehe...”
In response to my words, Senomiya Akiho—I just lump them all together and call them “the Robotics Club”—boldly laughs.
She then slams some money down on the counter with as much strength as she's got, causing bills to scatter everywhere.
Akiho: “I'm repaying my whole debt!”
Fujita: “The hell you doing?”
Akiho: “Eek!”
The girl rushes to gather up the money that got strewn all over the counter, then offers it to me while bowing down.
Akiho: “P-Please accept my offering...”
Fujita: “Hmph.”
Are kids these days this cheeky? Or do they just lack common sense?
Whatever, a customer is a customer.
I accept her money and begin checking the amount.
Fujita: “Looks right.”
Fujita: “I'd normally charge interest, but I'll make an exception for you this time.”
Akiho: “I'm so sorry it took this long, Doc!”
Fujita: “Let me guess, you didn't tell your school about the debt?”
Fujita: “Which led to this stupid situation.”
Akiho: “But it wasn't the school's funds, it was my own personal debt... They never would've given me money to repay it.”
Fujita: “That guy over there probably has plenty of prize money to spare.”
Fujita: “I'm talking about you, Mr. Pleiades.”
Subaru: “Wha...!”
Subaru: “How did you know?!”
Fujita: “Anyone could tell who you are through that piss-poor disguise. Are you half asleep?”
Subaru: “You could tell...? That's impossible!”
Akiho: “Huh? But I didn't know, just like everyone else. Mitchie and the VP didn't notice until they were told, too.”
Fujita: “You either didn't take a good look, or you're blind as a goddamn bat.”
Akiho: “B-Blind...?”
Akiho: “Then, that means Kai isn't blind?!”
Subaru: “More importantly, what do you intend to do now that you know Pleiades's true identity? Will you tell the world?”
Fujita: “I'm a pro. I don't leak my customer's personal information.”
Fujita: “Now if you're done here, scram.”
I have no intention of continuing this scatterbrained conversation.
Time to turn my beats back up.
Akiho: “Ah, wait! Doc! Hold on!”
Fujita: “What? You still need something?”
Akiho: “Of course I do. That's why I came here.”
For once, Robotics Club is shooting straight with me instead of dancing around the order she wants to make.
She's probably getting carried away because she's got some cash.
Akiho: “I'm here to buy parts!”
Right on the mark.
Fujita: “Hobby robot parts?”
Akiho: “Nope.”
However...
Akiho: “Parts for GunBuild-1.”
There's a surprising dazzle in her eyes.
It's like...
It's like that summer nine years ago, when her older sister first visited this unstylish, oily store of mine.
Right now, thanks to the worldwide robot boom, there are a lot more girls who have an interest in hobby robots.
But back then, hobby robots themselves were a minor thing. Only a small number of enthusiasts even knew they existed.
Naturally, visitors to the Robot Clinic were people interested in crafts and machines, plus otaku with money to burn.
Yet in the midst of it all, that young lady appeared before me.
Misaki: “Hello.”
To be perfectly honest, I never even imagined that a girl around the age of my granddaughter would visit my store.
Fujita: “You've got the wrong store, young lady. This ain't your kinda place.”
Misaki: “Are you the Robot Doctor?”
Misaki: “I'm Senomiya Misaki, from the Robotics Research Association at Chuo Tanegashima High.”
Without reacting to my words at all, the girl calmly introduced herself.
Fujita: “‘Robotics Research Association’? Ain't never heard of no such thing.”
Misaki: “It was formed today.”
Fujita: “That uniform's from Chuo Tanegashima High, yeah? Wasn't your entrance ceremony today?”
Misaki: “Yes. I entered school today, and the association was also formed today.”
Fujita: “By who?”
Misaki: “Me.”
Fujita: “Hah, ridiculous.”
Fujita: “This ain't no place for amateurs.”
Misaki: “I came straight here after the entrance ceremony.”
Misaki: “I had decided to do this a long, long time ago.”
Fujita: “How many people are in your association?”
Misaki: “One.”
Fujita: “So, it's just you? Then you should give up while you still can. You'll end up the laughing stock of your school.”
Misaki: “I don't care what they think.”
Misaki: “More importantly, there's something I want you to take a look at, as the Robot Doctor.”
She then unrolled a simple-single page blueprint.
Fujita: “Is this for a hobby robot?”
Misaki: “Nope.”
Fujita: “Then what is it?”
Misaki: “I want to build a life-size giant robot.”
Fujita: “Go home and don't ever come back.”
Fujita: “Let this be a lesson not to play pranks on your elders, little lady.”
Misaki: “I'm completely serious.”
Misaki: “I read about your skills on the internet, Robot Doctor.”
Misaki: “Dr. Aizawa Jiro's final student, Fujita Tetsuharu-san.”
Fujita: “You've done your research, I'll give you that. But I ain't got nothing to hide.”
Misaki: “I want your advice.”
Misaki: “What would be required to construct this robot and get it moving? What wouldn't?”
Misaki: “Please tell me.”
Fujita: “I told you to go home.”
Misaki: “I refuse to leave.”
Fujita: “I have nothing to teach you.”
Misaki: “Then...”
Misaki leans across the counter.
Misaki: “How about we make a little wager?”
Fujita: “A wager?”
Misaki: “The Robotics Research Association will win ROBO-ONE this year.”
Fujita: “...”
Misaki: “And if that happens...”
Misaki: “You'll offer your skills and knowledge to us.”
Even at 15, there wasn't a timid bone in her body. She was willing to wager with me, a person everyone called eccentric.
In my long years of living, Misaki was the first girl I ever met who was that damn bold.
At the time, as she stared at me, there was this radiant illusion of dazzling light in her eyes.
To that end, I have similar expectations for Akiho, as someone with that same brilliant look in her eyes.
Subaru: “All I can say is that putting more effort into completing Prototype Model-1 is pointless.”
Akiho: “A-Are you still complaining about the design?”
For some reason, the kids have started arguing.
Akiho: “Well too bad, because I'm gonna reject everything just like I did before!”
Subaru: “Do you actually think that thing looks cool?”
Akiho: “I know plenty well that it doesn't.”
Akiho: “But it has to be what it is!”
Maybe I'm giving her too much credit.
Fujita: “Shut up!”
I loudly shout, causing the pair to close their mouths.
Fujita: “Take your stupid fight somewhere else!”
Fujita: “So...”
Fujita: “What parts do you need?”
Akiho: “Doc! Now that's what I'm talking about!”
But even then...
As the man who lost that wager so many years ago, I'm in this for the long term.
Until the day I die...
Until the Robotics Club is no more.
Or until that giant robot of hers is completed...
I'm in this until the end.
