I came out here in this pouring rain, but Mizuka-san seems even less energetic than usual.
Kaito: “Did you get the information I asked you about yesterday?”
She usually grins at me with confidence, but today she just gives me a death glare.
Yesterday, I came here alone on the way home to voluntarily torture myself in the name of our Passion Accord.
I wanted to know why Subaru's father hates hobby robots so much.
Kaito: “Should I come back another time?”
Mizuka: “I've already got the info.”
Mizuka-san is clearly in a mood.
She was looking sour yesterday too, but I insisted. I kept my expectations low, but I guess she takes this job seriously.
Mizuka: “You're trying to help Aki out again, right?”
Kaito: “Well, sorta.”
This isn't for Subaru, the club, or because I want to go to the ROBO-ONE World Championships.
At the end of the day, my greatest motivation comes from wanting to support Akiho.
Despite how I act, I really do want to help her achieve her dreams.
I just don't want to help her directly.
So, at the very least, I do this sort of behind-the-scenes follow-up so that she can pursue her dreams smoothly.
Mizuka: “Aki's a lucky gal.”
Kaito: “I don't know why you seem so jealous, but keep that up and people are gonna call you an old bag, Mizuka-san.”
Mizuka: “...”
Kaito: “I'm so sorry, I didn't say anything. Please forgive me. You're looking beautiful as always...”
The death glare she gives me is enough to make me backpedal immediately.
Mizuka-san sighs and gazes off into the distance.
Mizuka: “The father wants his son to inherit the family business. The usual tale.”
She suddenly starts filling me in on the details.
Mizuka: “Subaru's old man is Hidaka Hiromu. He's a fisherman.”
Mizuka: “But his kid told him that he wanted to study robotics. That was back in middle school, by the way.”
Mizuka: “So, in response, he took his son's toy robots away.”
One of those old-fashioned dads, eh? He definitely acted like he was from the late '40s or something yesterday, so I guess I was right.
Mizuka: “But didn't Subaru place third in a robot tournament during middle school?”
Kaito: “Yep, at ROBO-ONE. Third place is mighty impressive for a middle schooler.”
The robot boom was well underway, and ROBO-ONE was on the fast track to world recognition. Lots of participants, too.
Mizuka: “Since middle school, Subaru was good at tinkering with robots. But when he graduated, his dad put his foot down.”
Mizuka: “After that, Subaru lost all interest in robots. In fact, he seemed to hate them altogether.”
Mizuka: “I'm sure you and Aki are familiar with his attitude.”
I do recall him being weirdly hostile toward both Akiho and the Robotics Club.
But now I get it. He never really hated robots. He just acted like he did, even though he was still fascinated by them.
Maybe that was his way of appeasing his father.
“I threw away all my robots,” eh?
He was refusing Akiho's invitations to join the club because of the promise he made with his father.
But because deep down, because he wanted to keep playing with robots, he disguised himself and entered ROBO-ONE.
What a rebellious guy.
Kaito: “Why does his father hate hobby robots so much?”
Mizuka: “He was probably frustrated that his son seemed more interested in robots than he did in the family business.”
Kaito: “That's so unfair...”
Mizuka: “It's not rare, though. I bet there are lots of families like that.”
Mizuka: “There aren't that many parents who are supportive of their kid's dreams, nor are there that many kids who can rebel.”
I guess not.
Mizuka: “Oh, by the way. Not only does he hate robots, he also hates rockets.”
Kaito: “What, because they kinda sound alike?”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san cracks her knuckles ostentatiously.
I really need to watch my mouth today, lest I not make it home in one piece.
Mizuka: “Fishermen may not be very vocal about it, but they're not especially fond of JAXA, you know?”
Mizuka: “The fishermen's union and JAXA talked it out before the space center was built and are currently on good terms, but...”
Mizuka: “Not all fishermen think the same way.”
Kaito: “Why would there be conflict between the two?”
Mizuka: “Kai, do you live in a cave? If you're a resident of this island, you should know these things.”
Kaito: “But I don't come from a family of fishermen.”
Mizuka-san sighs in my face.
Mizuka: “So, a rocket launches, right? Then, after lift off, something detaches from it and falls, right?”
Kaito: “You mean the booster?”
Mizuka: “The hell if I know the details.”
Mizuka: “Obviously that thing falls into the ocean, so as far as the fishermen are concerned, they're a nuisance.”
Mizuka: “Fishing is banned on launch days, too.”
Kaito: “Oooh, I get it.”
Mizuka: “JAXA seems to be acting in good faith, but unfortunately, Hidaka-san's family isn't convinced.”
Kaito: “But what does that have to do with hating robots?”
Mizuka: “Apparently, the reason Subaru became interested in robotics was because of a seminar JAXA held about robots.”
Kaito: “Wait, that's it? They're practically unrelated!”
Mizuka: “I guess to common folk, robots and rockets are all the same gobbledygook.”
Mizuka: “ROBO-ONE, was it? It's not uncommon for people here to mistakenly believe that that event is run by JAXA.”
Mizuka: “I'm guilty as charged. When I first heard the name of the event 10 years ago, I thought so too.”
So that's how it is...
Kaito: “Then in that case, isn't this an easy-to-solve problem?”
Kaito: “Inherit the business and become a fisherman, but still mess with robots on the side as a hobby.”
Kaito: “Problem solved, no?”
Mizuka: “That sounds about right, but I don't know.”
Mizuka: “Maybe there's a bunch of emotional junk complicating things.”
Kaito: “Emotional junk, huh...”
His dad even said as much.
He wasn't mad about the robots, he was mad that Subaru went behind his back and lied in order to continue.
That makes this messy.
I doubt this is something an outsider can fix.
If anything, a punk like me getting involved would only make matters worse.
I feel bad for Akiho, but it's probably not worth the trouble getting Subaru back in the Robotics Club.
Kaito: “But, huh. Subaru-kun as a fisherman...”
Kaito: “He's so lanky and weak-looking. I can't see it.”
I can't stop myself from laughing a bit after drawing a mental image of future Subaru in my mind.
