Akiho ends club before sunset, then decides to hold a “welcome party” at the Irei General Store.
Akiho: “All right, in honor of our new members, Subaru and Jun, cheers!”
Kaito: “Cheers.”
Junna: “Ch-Cheers...”
Subaru: “...”
I'm actually impressed by how uncoordinated that was.
Akiho: “Subaruuu! This is for you too, so try and at least act a little more grateful.”
Subaru: “I never asked for this.”
Subaru: “However, I am grateful that you're paying. I'll go home as soon as I'm finished with this drink.”
He then puts some distance between himself and us, drinking his bottle of barley tea.
Akiho: “Grrr, why does he always have to be so unfriendly?”
Akiho: “Ah, c'mon! Don't hold back now, Jun! Chug, chug!”
Kaito: “You're starting to sound like a creepy old man.”
And when exactly did she start referring to Daitoku-san as Jun?
The long and the short of it is that Daitoku-san joined the Robotics Club today after visiting.
As I expected, Daitoku-san is helplessly weak when it comes to being pressured.
Kaito: “So, Daitoku-san, what'd you think?”
Junna: “Huh? Ah, um, yeah, it was fun. It was fun, but...”
Junna: “I didn't think I was going to join so soon. I'm kinda, um, surprised.”
Kaito: “That's what happens when Aki-chan begs and begs and begs.”
Akiho: “Hehe.”
Satisfied with herself, the president sips her Skal.
Kaito: “You said you were scared of robots, but was the big one okay?”
Junna: “Ah, yeah, um, I think I'll be fine.”
Junna: “Though it might just be because it's not finished yet...”
Junna: “Oh, but the little one was cute, so that was cool.”
Akiho: “So, I've been thinking...”
Akiho: “Maybe it's not that you can't handle robots, but that you can't handle a specific design of life-size robots.”
Akiho: “Or to be more precise, the robots at Doc's place.”
Kaito: “You've seen them?”
Akiho shakes her head.
Akiho: “I've always been curious about that one locked door at the clinic. I bet they're in there.”
Junna: “If you can't open it, um, I think it's best to leave it as is.”
Akiho: “But I'm soooo curious. It's even named the Robot Clinic! Maybe he's making human bodies into robots.”
Akiho: “Maybe all the robots stored in there have human brains transplanted inside, and they groan in agony every night...”
Junna: “Uuugh, s-stop it...”
Kaito: “Aww, you made her cry.”
Akiho: “Hehe, I'm joking! Doc's a good guy!”
Akiho: “Even if he is a cheapskate.”
You're one to talk, considering you haven't even paid him back for the parts.
Kaito: “Hey, Daitoku-san. I'm gonna start calling you Jun-chan from now on, too.”
Junna: “Oh, um, g-go ahead...”
Kaito: “Have you gone and searched for those reports since the other day at Uchugaoka Park?”
Junna: “Oh, no.”
Junna: “I'm kind of scared to.”
Akiho: “Eh? What're you guys talking about?”
Kaito: “The identity of a ghost.”
Akiho: “There's a ghost?”
Junna: “There's a rumor that a ghost appears at Uchugaoka Park.”
Kaito: “But Jun-chan and I have already cracked the case.”
Akiho: “Huh. News to me.”
Her information-gathering skills must be weak.
Akiho: “But I can already guess the punchline. Kai was the ghost all along, right?”
Akiho: “He always goes to that park after sunset to play video games.”
Kaito: “Sure, whatever makes you happy. If you ever wanna hear the real deets, ask Jun-chan some time.”
It's too much of a pain in the ass to explain.
Kaito: “Anyway, Jun-chan. Make any progress on figuring out the origin of the buzzing?”
Daitoku-san... err, Junna, slumps her shoulders.
Junna: “Um, nothing really.”
It's gotta have something to do with Airi.
It was way too dark to venture into, but I bet there's something on the first floor.
There has to be.
I feel like there's no mistaking it.
But I really don't need more trouble.
Which is why I don't intend on investigating myself.
Junna: “But, um, Yashio-kun, remember what I said before about the 46-second freeze?”
Akiho: “Ah, I saw that on the news. My PokeCom froze up at the time, too.”
Yup. It was a bug-like phenomenon that occurred all throughout Japan.
The cause is supposedly under investigation, but there's been no follow-up.
Junna: “I checked to see if any similar events had happened.”
Junna: “I found quite a lot in the past.”
Junna: “For example, um, this one was limited to Tokyo, but...”
Junna: “...Millions of people's PokeComs got the exact same message at the exact same time.”
Exactly the same, eh?
Akiho: “Maybe it was all sent by one person?”
Junna: “Nope. It wasn't from someone acting solo. You know the Earthquake Early Warning system?”
Akiho: “I do! It's the thing that rings just before an earthquake, right?”
Junna: “It happened in a similar way to that, with cell phone providers sending the same info to everyone in a specific area.”
Akiho: “Then was it the warning system?”
Junna: “No. The companies didn't send it. Even though it should only be physically possible for them.”
Junna: “That's why it's still shrouded in mystery as to who the culprit is.”
Junna: “Though apparently, the alert sound was the same as the one used for earthquakes.”
Junna: “The contents of the message were, um, kinda scary...”
Junna: “They were the lyrics to Kagome Kagome.”
Kaito: “You mean the nursery rhyme?”
Junna lightly nods.
Junna: “It was sent dozens of times over the course of a month.”
Kaito: “When did this happen?”
Junna gulps as if she's hesitant to answer, then turns her gaze to me.
What is it...?
Junna: “September 2012 and March 2015.”
I know I've seen those dates recently, but where?
Kaito: “Ah.”
The Kimijima Report!
No, no. There's no goddamn way.
It'd be ridiculous to force that connection.
This is just a coincidence.
If this is the only point that matches up, then it's not big deal.
Now if it was like, 10 or 20 different things, that'd be another story.
There's no way that dead guy's delusion-filled testament is the real deal.
Kaito: “...”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “...?”
Silence.
The road in front of my eyes—the only national highway on the island—should have more cars driving by at this hour.
But there are none.
The silence surrounding us is deeply discomforting.
Subaru: “About that 46-second freeze you mentioned.”
Oddly enough, the one to break the silence is Subaru, who up until now added nothing to the conversation.
For someone who said he was gonna leave soon, he seems to be enjoying hanging around.
Subaru: “There's an argument that it wasn't due to signal interference, but rather a bug in ‘IRUO.’ itself.”
Junna: “Ah, th-that's right...”
Subaru: “It seems there are scientists and specialists doing an independent study into the matter on Twipo.”
Subaru: “The ‘IRUO.’ app comes preinstalled on every PokeCom. So, if that malfunctioned, it'd naturally affect all of Japan.”
Akiho: “Then does that mean the problem would go away if you just uninstalled ‘IRUO.’?”
Subaru: “I don't know. The cause still hasn't been confirmed, so...”
Subaru: “Anyway, I'm going home. Thank you for the drink.”
Subaru says that without making eye contact with any of us. He then gets on his scooter and zooms off.
It happens so fast that we don't have time to react.
Mizuka: “Kai.”
It's then that Mizuka-san pokes her head out from the store and beckons me over.
Mizuka: “Come here.”
There are no customers inside the store.
Akiho: “What kind of anime did you watch as a kid, Jun?”
Junna: “U-Um, shows like Sazawe-san and Kid Retsu's Book.”
Akiho: “Whoa, that's super mainstream!”
I can hear Akiho and Junna talking outside through the window behind the register.
Mizuka-san quietly closes the window.
Kaito: “Is your HUG all right, Mizuka-san?”
Mizuka: “Hm? Oh, the whole rampage incident? How'd you know about that?”
Kaito: “There are rumors all over the net... No, sorry. That's a bit of an exaggeration.”
Mizuka: “The folks from ExCo said it'd be fine.”
Mizuka-san shrugs her shoulders a little. She doesn't seem to be concerned.
Mizuka: “I swung by Uchugaoka Park yesterday.”
Kaito: “Is that so?”
I instantly know what she's implying.
This is about Kimijima Kou and Airi.
Mizuka: “Where did you learn that name...?”
The day before yesterday, when I casually mentioned Kimijima Kou, Mizuka-san was very clearly shaken up.
Kaito: “So, did you see her?”
Mizuka: “No.”
Mizuka-san then shoots a sharp glare at me.
Mizuka: “You aren't taking me for a ride, are you?”
Kaito: “O-Of course not.”
Why is she so skeptical?
Kaito: “I know plenty well how scary it'd be later if I tricked you.”
Kaito: “Before you go pointing the finger, did you even bring a PokeCom? You can't see Airi-chan without one.”
Mizuka: “I did.”
Kaito: “You bought one?”
That's unexpected.
Mizuka-san constantly proclaims she's an analog girl who doesn't have a PokeCom despite its 90% adoption rate here.
Mizuka: “I borrowed it from Mitchie.”
Kaito: “Oh. Huh.”
Mizuka: “I searched the park high and low for three hours, but didn't find her.”
Kimijima Kou.
And the reason why just mentioning his name was enough to shake Mizuka-san.
I heard all about it the day before yesterday.
Mizuka: “Where?”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Mizuka: “Where did you learn that name...?”
Kaito: “So, you know of him?”
Mizuka: “Answer me. Where did you learn the name Kimijima?”
Kaito: “Uchugaoka Park. Inside the old town hall, I found a text file apparently written by a guy named Kimijima Kou.”
Mizuka: “A text file...? What's that?”
Kaito: “You seriously don't know what a text file is? How analog are you?”
Mizuka: “Kai, it's starting to sound like you want to snack on two whole passion fruit buns in a row.”
Kaito: “C-Cut me some slack.”
Kaito: “It's basically like a letter.”
I hurriedly bring up the Kimijima Report on my PokeCom.
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san snatches it away from me and reads through the report, her expression deadly serious.
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka: “Have you seen a girl named Airi?”
Kaito: “Yeah, I have. Mizuka-san, you know something, don't you?”
Mizuka: “I do. Although what I know is nothing like the complex stuff in that report.”
Mizuka: “About 10 years ago, I had an encounter with Airi.”
Kaito: “10 years ago...”
Mizuka-san's eyes look distant, as if she's remembering the past.
But there's no smile on her face. No sense of nostalgia.
If anything, she looks kind of lonesome.
Mizuka: “It was back when I was still in high school.”
Mizuka: “Airi was... Misa's friend.”
Mizuka: “Along with Kimijima Kou.”
Kaito: “Huh...?”
I was shocked when I heard all of this the day before yesterday.
The last thing I expected was for Airi and Kimijima Kou to be friends of Misa-nee.
But at the same time, it wasn't all that surprising.
Uchugaoka Park is close to both my home and the Senomiya's home, after all.
The three of us would often play at the park when we were kids.
Mizuka: “Tell me again... What do I have to do to see Airi?”
Kaito: “I know I said Uchugaoka Park, but it's pretty big. Just going there doesn't mean you'll meet her.”
Kaito: “It sounds like she just kinda wanders around on her own.”
Kaito: “But if you happen to get lucky and be near her...”
I boot up ‘IRUO.’ on my PokeCom to make things a bit easier to explain.
Kaito: “You'll see her show up on this app called ‘IRUO.’”
Kaito: “...!”
For a second, it felt like my heart stopped beating.
Kaito: “Just now! She...”
Mizuka: “What's up?”
Why? Why's she here?
I look around the store through my PokeCom.
But I don't see her anywhere.
Was I... just seeing things?
Or perhaps...
Airi has been following me around?
Maybe there was another Airi here at the general store from the get-go?
Either way, the fact that I only saw her for a split second makes her feel like a real ghost.
Kaito: “C'mon, give me a break...”
