Akiho: “And so!”
Akiho raises a bottle of Skal high above her head.
Akiho: “Let's welcome Furugoori Kona into the Robotics Club! Give her a round of applause!”
Subaru, Junna and I follow orders and start clapping.
Akiho: “Wait, hold up! Why isn't the guest of honor here?!”
Frau: “I-I told you not to c-call me that.”
Frau: “I'll never forgive you, Prez-senpai. Never.”
Akiho decided to throw Furugoori Kona (Koujiro Frau's real name) a welcome party.
But the guest of honor isn't actually here. Instead, she's participating via phone conference. What a nightmare.
Akiho: “Didn't I tell you to come to the hangar instead of calling in? It takes less than three minutes to walk here!”
Frau: “Don't underestimate a true NEET.”
Akiho: “Geez, why are all the new underclassmen members so cheeky?”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “That's directed at you too, Subaru.”
Subaru: “It's because you're so wishy-washy, Senpai. How many times do I have to tell you?”
Akiho: “See?! That's what I'm talking about!”
Junna: “Uh, um, let's settle down, Senomiya-san...”
Even though it's a Saturday, all the club members are gathered at the hangar.
Akiho's already explained why.
Yesterday, pretty much out of nowhere, it was decided that Koujiro Frau would be joining our club.
Kaito: “I really wasn't expecting Kona-chan to join up.”
Subaru: “Personally, I only needed her to write us a program.”
I agreed to be M45's operator under the condition that I could use KB's control system.
In some weird twist of fate, after Subaru begged Frau to cooperate, I ended up becoming a KB cheater-hunter.
And so I told her that in exchange, she'd have to join the Robotics Club. She accepted my conditions, no problem.
Akiho: “The reason why we got so far in ROBO-ONE was because you wrote a control program for us, Kona.”
Akiho: “So, now that you've joined our club, I thought we could thank you for everything, but you're not even here!”
Frau: “I told you to stop calling me Kona!”
Akiho: “Are you that upset? Geez. Fine. I'll call you Frau Bow from now on!”
Frau: “No problem. Everything's fine.”
Akiho: “F-For real...?”
Subaru: “I'd like to have a proper meeting with you at least once, Furugoori. With a better understanding of M45's traits, I believe you'll be able to make the most optimal program possible.”
Frau: “But I refuse.”
Subaru: “Wha?!”
Subaru: “Didn't you say you'd help as long as Yashio-senpai assisted you with your cheater-hunting?!”
Frau: “I-I only make what I want. Rekt.”
Subaru: “Are you saying you don't like my M45?”
Akiho: “I think she means that TanegashiMachine 3 might be old, but it's still a great machine.”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru: “If you intend on abandoning your end of the bargain, then I suppose it's fine if Yashio-senpai steps down as well.”
Frau: “Wh-Wh-What's the difference between your robot and Yashio-senpai's?”
Subaru: “Not only do they look different, they also have different abilities and fighting styles.”
Frau: “I-I don't know anything about that stuff, nor do I care.”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “Think of it like the difference between ‘Starraptor’ and ‘Boltvalian’ in terms of machine specs.”
Akiho: “Oh, I get it! A small, hit-and-run type and a close-quarters, power-type machine!”
Akiho, familiar with the Gunvarrel anime, understands what I'm getting at immediately.
So of course, Frau, the sole creator of Kill-Ballad, understands as well.
Frau: “Kk.”
Frau: “Th-Then I'll just make it with that in mind.”
Subaru: “Wait! I'm saying we should discuss this in detail!”
Frau: “Are you a perv?”
Subaru: “Whaa?!”
Frau: “The new girl lets a boy from her class into her room? What eroge is this?”
Frau: “If anything, you should go stay over at Yashio-senpai's house, Four Eyes.”
Frau: “I bet you'll get a whole lotta dirty deeds done. Smells nice and rotten...”
Frau: “Haaaah, duhuhu. Okay.”
Kaito: “...?”
Subaru: “What in the world are you saying?”
Junna: “Dirty deeds? Rotten...?”
Akiho: “I have no clue what's going on.”
Every now and then, Frau uses some... odd language.
None of us understand her archaic vocabulary and net slang.
Frau: “Four Eyes and Yashio-senpai go together like a teen boy and a bottle of lotion. I won't accept any objections.”
And now she's mumbling to herself.
Kaito: “Subaru-kun, Kona-chan is a shut-in, so she probably won't come outside.”
Subaru: “Come to think of it, I haven't ever seen her at school. At least not since the first day, which she left early on...”
Kaito: “She's also not a fan of us coming over, so we'll just have to call her on the phone and leave it to her.”
Frau: “E-mail or Twipo would be mucho better.”
Subaru: “Are you sure this is going to work?”
Frau: “A-All I can do is create the base system.”
Frau: “Whatever you do from there is up to y-you, you know?”
Subaru: “‘I'll give you the OS, but customize it yourself,’ huh?”
Subaru: “In that case...”
Akiho: “Um, can you guys not make decisions without involving your president?”
Frau: “You're tera invisible, like air.”
Akiho: “...”
Frau: “A-Anyway, I'm logging off. Epic win.”
And just like that, she's gone.
Akiho: “I don't know if I can handle her.”
Akiho: “She might be even harder to handle than Subaru.”
Subaru: “I've no intention of being ‘handled’ by you.”
Akiho: “That's exactly what I'm talking about!”
Akiho: “Um, anyway, let's toast. Cheers!”
Akiho raises the Skal she'd been holding in her hand up into the air and chugs it.
Akiho: “Wheeew! Skaaaaal!”
Akiho's the only one to make a big show of things. In fact, Subaru and I had already sipped from our drinks.
Junna: “Y'know, the Robotics Club is, um, kinda amazing.”
Akiho: “How so?”
Junna: “Almost everyone is super talented.”
Junna: “Hidaka-kun and Yashio-kun are ROBO-ONE grand finalists.”
Junna: “Furugoori-san is the creator of an amazing video game.”
Junna: “But me? All I'm good for is trivial knowledge about urban legends. I feel like I'm falling behind.”
Akiho: “Super talented, eh?”
Akiho: “I'm getting hyped!”
Kaito: “Why are you getting hyped up? Out of those three, each and every one of them has personality issues.”
Yeah, I'm including myself.
Akiho: “It's still amazing.”
Kaito: “I won't deny that.”
Yup, still including myself.
Akiho: “When amazing people come together, amazing things can be accomplished!”
By the way, Akiho still hasn't noticed that Junna didn't include her on her list of super talented people.
Granted, Akiho's not exactly talented, so I get it.
Akiho: “Anyway, hobby robots are cool and all, but let's give everything we got on GunBuild-1 too!”
Akiho: “First thing's first. Our merry band of amazing people should storm into the Space Candy Company.”
Akiho: “Then we'll ask them to sponsor us. How does tomorrow sound?”
Subaru: “I'm good. I don't need money right now.”
Kaito: “I'll go if I can get some free Space Candy.”
Junna: “But, um, I'm not amazing...”
Frau, of course, doesn't respond.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho's boiling passion dissolves into the air after she fails to get anyone else fired up.
