Kaito: “Wow. Look at this button-masher. They're not even TRYING to get any reads. I can't respect super low-level play like this.”
Junna: “What're you doing, Yashio-kun?”
Junna suddenly pops into frame and takes a peek at my PokeCom screen.
Her cheeks are a little damp, probably from exercising.
I face the screen toward her.
Junna: “Oh, a game...”
Kaito: “And you? What were you up to?”
Junna: “Just practicing a kata. I know I'm supposed to have retired, but...”
Junna: “I've been practicing every day since I was a kid... so I have to do it at least once a day, or else I get anxious.”
Kaito: “I'm guessing Aki-chan hasn't given you anything to do?”
Junna: “Oh, no, not exactly... um...”
Junna: “You know that anime, Gunvarrel...? She told me to watch all of it...”
Junna: “And I did watch some today...! But, um, I'm bad at just sitting still and watching things...”
So, she got bored watching anime and decided to practice her kata on the edge of the runway so Akiho wouldn't see her.
Kaito: “Honestly, just watch it at your own pace. It's what I do.”
Junna: “Uh, yeah. To tell you the truth, I was watching while...”
Junna mischievously explains in a bashful tone.
Since the data is stored in the cloud, as long as you have a connection, you can watch anime anytime on the PokeCom.
Even when you're hanging out on the edge of an abandoned airport runway.
Junna: “Um, can you please keep this a s-secret from Akiho-chan?”
Kaito: “Yeah, of course.”
Upon hearing my reply, Junna seems relieved.
Junna: “You're always playing games, Yashio-kun...”
Junna: “Don't you get tired of it?”
Kaito: “Do you get tired of karate?”
Junna: “Uh, umm, karate isn't really something I can get tired of...”
Kaito: “Right? It's the same for me.”
Junna: “Oh... I see...”
Junna: “All right, I think I get it.”
Subaru: “Senpai!”
Subaru calls for me from the hangar.
Is he done with the adjustments?
I was kinda hoping to get some more KB time in.
I rise to my feet and let out a sigh.
As soon as I get back to the hangar, Subaru grabs my PokeCom, connects it to M45, and begins to fiddle with it.
Subaru: “The KB System has been updated. I've registered your PokeCom with M45, so it should work now.”
I boot up “KILL-BALLAD SYSTEM 2019” from my PokeCom.
Subaru: “The adjustments are nearly complete. Everything else'll be according to your preferences, so let's address the more minute settings.”
The control scheme is pretty much the exact same as the Honorary Prez's. That is, except for a couple upgrades.
Commands for some unique actions have been added, which means there are about 1.5 times more commands than there were.
Even then, there's only about 20 moves in all, so it's still less than a KB moveset. Remembering them'll be a cinch.
Subaru: “Please try moving it around.”
Akiho: “What about the pile bunker?! I wanna see the pile bunker!”
The president is acting she's our live studio audience or something.
Subaru: “According to the command list, let's see...”
Kaito: “It's the same as the Accel Impact, right?”
Frau had sent the command list to me earlier, so I'm already familiar with it.
I swiftly input the command.
Junna: “Whoa... It, uh... well... really moves a lot!”
Akiho: “Man, that pile bunker gets me right in the soul!”
Akiho: “You're real full of yourself sometimess, but I gotta give you credit for the pile bunker.”
Subaru: “I was under the impression that you preferred swords and hammers, Prez.”
Akiho: “Whoa, whoa, you wanna get into super robots versus real robots? We can if you want to.”
Subaru: “No. Besides, the difference between the two is still unclea—”
Kaito: “Would you mind taking this unproductive debate somewhere else?”
Akiho: “But Subaru...”
Subaru: “I believe you're the one that started it, Prez.”
Akiho: “Grr...”
I ignore the two and input the pile bunker command one more time.
I then cancel the action during its “animation” time and activate the other arm's pile bunker.
Kaito: “It's pretty smooth. Great response, even via wireless connection. I can cancel commands without issue.”
Subaru: “I'm impressed as well. Who would've thought Furugoori could write a program of this quality in just a few days?”
I try executing the same command multiple times, switching up the timing for each attempt.
Kaito: “The input window might be a little too long.”
But that's really due to the fact that M45 is sluggish.
Next, I make it walk.
Junna: “Oh, it's walking.”
Akiho: “Our TanegashiMachine 3 is way faster at walking.”
Junna: “Oh, r-really? Wow...”
Akiho: “It's nothin' much♪”
She acts all proud, despite the fact that she's not the one who built it.
Besides, both robots were built with completely different goals in mind. Prez was made for mobility, M45 for power.
Subaru: “There's a dedicated command for M45's unique hip-spin maneuver. The range of motion is about 330 degrees.”
Apparently, since I can accurately control which way it twists and to what extent, I can really push it to the extreme.
Subaru: “You can select the angle in 30-degree increments. This is a feature that has been in place since before the KB System was installed.”
Kaito: “I take it you can't rotate 360 degrees?”
Subaru: “Of course not. That'll tangle up the motor cables.”
He spits out his words as if the mere concept of me being new at this offended him.
Kaito: “If it gets tangled up at 360 degrees, wouldn't it still happen at 330 degrees?”
Subaru: “Hmph. Not at all.”
Subaru: “The issue is that if you allow it to turn 360 degrees, it'll be able to turn 720 degrees as well.”
Aaah, that makes sense.
If it can do it once, it can do it twice or more. Keep twisting like that and the cables'll get tangled.
So that's why he stopped it at 330 degrees. To prevent it from doing a full rotation.
Kaito: “Understand.”
Akiho: “Hm? What does he mean?”
We can just ignore the straggler for now.
I try executing a series of basic punches, kicks, steps, and reversals.
Even after getting familiar with the robot's capabilities, its sluggishness still feels awkward to me.
It's like I'm in the middle of a Slo-mo attack.
Kaito: “Is there anything we can do about its sluggishness?”
Subaru: “Furugoori's program looks like it was designed for a faster machine, but that'd burn out the motors.”
Subaru: “It's an issue with the durability of the gears. We can't do much about that, so you'll have to get used to it.”
I'm sure I will after some practice.
But personally, I'm way better with agile characters than I am with grapplers.
See, my reaction speed is higher than the average person.
I can capitalize on that talent of mine with an agile-type character.
Akiho: “Hey, I've got an idea! Why don't we have a sparring match against TanegashiMachine 3?”
Kaito: “You mean a match using actual rules?”
Akiho: “Yeah! Jun'll operate TanegashiMachine 3.”
Junna: “Wait, me?”
Junna's flustered by the sudden call to arms.
Akiho: “I think it's best for her to try operating a robot so she can learn what the Robotics Club is all about.”
Akiho: “TanegashiMachine 3 is super easy to control. Give it a shot!”
Junna: “Uh, um...”
Kaito: “I don't think she should.”
Junna: “Oh, uh...”
Junna: “Um, I agree with Yashio-kun, I think. An amateur like me will only hold everyone back...”
Akiho: “Whaaat...? Why not, Kai?”
Akiho: “Wait, could it be that you don't want someone else taking your super-important job?”
Akiho: “I never realized you were so proud of your work. I'm so happy...!”
Kaito: “Yeah, that's not it.”
Kaito: “I don't hold back, not even against beginners. That's my rule. You know this better than anyone, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “If Jun-chan gets completely demolished her first time, she might end up hating robots even more.”
Kaito: “In terms of skill level, you'd be a better fit for her debut match, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “But if you insist on challenging the fifth-best player in the world, I won't back down.”
Akiho: “Kai... I know you're concerned and all, but do you have to be so unbelievably condescending about it...?”
Junna: “Ahah... Um, I'll p-pass for now.”
Junna looks like she wants nothing to do with this.
Akiho: “Fine, then I'll be your opponent!”
Akiho: “By the way, if I win, you owe me a favor.”
Kaito: “Hoh, so you mean you want to have a serious match? Sure, I'm game.”
No matter how big the difference in specs is, I know I'll never lose to Akiho. I know her habits better than she does.
Kaito: “Are you okay with that, Subaru-kun?”
Subaru: “I have no objections. She'll be the perfect opponent for you to get used to the machine.”
Akiho: “Hey now! My skills aside, let's not forget that TanegashiMachine 3 is a ROBO-ONE champ!”
Subaru: “10 years ago, yes.”
Akiho: “He also placed second!”
Subaru: “Losing to M45.”
Akiho: “Alcyone, Electra—”
Subaru: “What awe you shaying awl of a sudden?!”
Junna: “Uh, um, please don't fight...”
Kaito: “Enough fooling around, Aki-chan. Hurry up and bring TanegashiMachine 3 over here.”
Akiho: “Fiiine...”
Akiho pouts and enters the hangar.
Akiho: “All right, are you ready?”
Akiho and I are in position, facing one another.
Each of us is holding a PokeCom.
Mirroring us, M45 and Prez are standing across from each other as well, motionless.
Kaito: “You're amazing, Aki-chan. I really do admire you.”
Akiho: “Why's that?”
Kaito: “You constantly get your butt whooped by yours truly, yet you never lose that confident look on your face.”
Subaru: “Perhaps she just has nothing going on in that hollow brain of hers?”
Akiho: “My brain is full of stuff! I re-watched the ROBO-ONE grand finals like 10 times already!”
Akiho: “I've analyzed M45 through and through.”
Kaito: “Enough with the banter. Let's get this party started.”
Akiho: “Nn, hey, you're the one who started trash talking me!”
Even though this is just a practice match, we've established some rules.
Whoever knocks their opponent down three times will be declared the winner.
That said, there are no ring outs because we have no ring.
For me, this is just a match to break in M45 with, but for Akiho, this is the real deal.
Kaito: “All right, let's do this.”
With little fanfare, I begin to march M45 forward.
Akiho: “Come at me!”
The Honorary Prez suddenly starts to change forms.
Akiho: “You fell for it! Storm and surge! Blast of spirit!”
Akiho: “Tanegashi Accel Impact!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, you just wanted an excuse to shout that out, didn't you...”
It's way too easy to dodge a tackle at this range.
Besides, once the Tanegashi Accel Impact has been activated, it can't be turned off.
Akiho: “Hey, that's cheap! You're not supposed to dodge it!”
Akiho: “Jun! Stop him! Grab him...!”
Junna: “Oh, uhh, what?!”
Akiho: “Run after him!”
As the Honorary Prez zooms further and further away, Junna finds herself chasing after it in a panic.
Kaito: “C'mon, Aki-chan. Take this seriously.”
Akiho: “Hehe, I really wanted to win, and then something like that happened...”
Subaru: “Are you aware of the purpose of this match? This is strictly so Yashio-senpai can get used to operating M45.”
Akiho: “I-I know...”
Junna: “Whew... I got it.”
Despite running pretty far, Junna doesn't seem the least bit out of breath. At least she's in good shape.
That said, she's holding the robot in the most timid and nervous way possible.
Junna: “Easy, eeaasy...”
She's also way too cautious about how she's setting it down.
She's even talking to herself.
Akiho: “You've got some fast legs, Jun, but I guess that's the Karate Club for you. You might be the fastest out of all of us!”
Junna: “Er, I don't know about that.”
Akiho: “What's your time on the 50-meter dash?”
Junna: “8.2 seconds, I think?”
Akiho: “What about Kai and Subaru?”
Kaito: “9.5.”
Subaru: “8.9.”
Akiho: “Wow, you're wicked slow, Subaru!”
Subaru: “And what time did you receive, Prez?”
Akiho: “Wh-Who cares about my time...?”
I know for a fact that it's an awful 14 seconds flat, but I remain silent.
To be fair, the both of us can't exactly sprint due to our medical condition.
There's not much we can do about our speed.
Akiho: “From now on, whenever we use the Tanegashi Accel Impact, we'll have Jun run after it.”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Akiho: “Anyway, let's get this party restarted, Kai!”
Kaito: “Can you take it a little more seriously this time?”
Akiho: “You bet I will!”
The Honorary Prez, now back in its original form, slowly inches forward, shaking all the while.
The asphalt is pretty bumpy, so it might be difficult for it to maintain its balance.
Kaito: “Are you sure you wanna come at me head on like that?”
Akiho: “Speed is power!”
I guess I'll practice some of M45's throws.
To master a grappler, one must first understand its range. If you can't get that down, you'll drown in pools forever.
The M45, of course, is equipped with several different command grabs.
Not only does it have long and short range throws, it can also throw from upper, mid, or lower-body positions.
This helps expand the amount of strategic options the operator has. It also solves the issue of different enemy sizes.
Frau really knows her stuff.
Too bad about that personality of hers.
To try and get a feel for M45's range, I try inputting a lower-body command grab from a distance.
M45 leans forward slightly and stretches its arms out to grab the Honorary Prez's legs.
But as expected, it whiffs completely.
Swing and a miss.
The Prez is still way out of range.
But now I pretty much have the range down for the long-range throw.
Akiho: “Haha, you miiiissed!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, if you've got time to trash talk, you've got time to attack.”
Akiho: “Grr... You don't have to tell me! Go, TanegashiMachine 3 Custom!”
But by the time the Prez starts moving forward again, I've already recovered back into my neutral position.
The Honorary Prez approaches me completely unguarded.
Akiho: “Um, the command... the command...”
Akiho's struggling with the command input process.
What's the point of even having the KB system installed if she's like this?
She finally executes a command and attacks with a close-range lariat, but I counter with a mid-body throw. 
M45 grabs both of Honorary Prez's arms, leans against him, and knocks him down.
Akiho: “Aww...”
Prez gets smashed underneath.
Kaito: “That's one point for me.”
Akiho: “Urrghh...”
Subaru pulls apart the tangled robots and stands them up again.
Kaito: “It's funny. When we fought at ROBO-ONE, this little guy's grab range felt massive.”
Kaito: “But now that I'm at the controls, that's really not the case.”
Subaru: “That's because you fell for my trap way too easily.”
Subaru: “When I fight with M45, I always spread its arms out as a taunt. This helps me fool my opponent.”
Subaru: “Its arms are long compared to standard heavy-weight units. This makes them appear even longer than they are.”
That's what that taunt was about.
Kaito: “In that case, should I work that into my strat, too?”
Subaru: “Please do. There's a dedicated command for it.”
Kaito: “Oh, the taunt command? So that's what that's for...”
This guy's thought of everything.
Let's give this a shot.
Once the command goes through, M45 spreads its arms out, its body rocking gently.
Akiho: “I got you now!”
After circling around to M45's side, Prez enters its range.
How dare she try to attack while I'm testing out a taunt?
Still, not a bad strat.
Kaito: “That's playing dirty, Aki-chan. So much for building a giant robot of justice.”
Akiho: “You think nobody ever attacks during a transformation sequence? Taboos are meant to be broken!”
Akiho: “Take thiiis! Tanegashi Upper!”
Prez's arm starts shooting up from under M45.
Thanks to the end lag from the earlier taunt, I can't dodge.
Instead, I twist M45's body 90 degrees and face its back to the Prez.
I then smoothly transition into using the pile bunker.
M45, on the verge of toppling over from the uppercut, still manages to use its pile bunker.
Akiho: “Wha?”
The tip strikes the asphalt.
The recoil from the pile bunker manages to push M45 back up.
It then makes contact with the Prez, serving as a headbutt.
Both robots topple down with M45 on top.
Akiho: “Wh-What the heck was that?!”
Junna: “What a weird move...”
Kaito: “That's another point for me.”
In ROBO-ONE rules, that's a knockdown.
Subaru: “A fascinating use of the pile bunker. Did you come up with that yourself, Yashio-senpai?”
Kaito: “Yeah, I guess.”
I wouldn't have been able to come up with it in eight frames, though.
Kaito: “It's all about reading your opponent.”
Kaito: “If I had read Aki-chan's uppercut incorrectly, that all would've been for nothing.”
Kaito: “I got lucky.”
Akiho: “Grrrrrr...”
Junna stands both robots up for us while giving the frustrated Akiho a strained smile.
Subaru: “It's impressive how well you've mastered controlling M45 in such a small amount of time.”
What's this? Subaru's actually complimenting me?
What's gotten into him?
Subaru: “If nothing else, your skills at video games are top-class, Yashio-senpai.”
...Is that supposed to be a compliment?
Subaru: “If you only had a little more passion for robots, the Robotics Club wouldn't be as rotten to the core as it is now.”
Kaito: “Well, I'll never be the best when it comes to making robots or watching mecha anime, so I've got no chance there.”
Kaito: “That's why I'm not interested.”
Kaito: “I wanna reach the top using my own skills. And there just so happens to be KB players I want to beat.”
Kaito: “Those are my principles. Surprisingly easy to understand, right?”
Kaito: “Of course, if I'm gonna enter ROBO-ONE, I'm gonna aim for the top spot. I can take it with my own skills.”
Subaru: “I was right to ask you to be my operator. I don't quite understand your logic, but I do respect—”
Subaru's words stop abruptly.
He's looking past me, right over my shoulders.
He looks like he's seen a ghost.
Subaru: “Ah...!”
I turn around to find a man I've never seen before standing by the abandoned terminal.
What a rugged old man.
In contrast, his clothes are awfully gaudy.
He's taking large steps as he walks toward us.
It's as if his whole body is exuding this incredibly unnatural aura.
This dude's definitely pissed, though I have no clue as to why.
He looks like the type of person who would punch you in the face if you said anything at all to him.
That's the kind of stubborn, old-fashioned look that he's wearing.
Kaito: “Who's that?”
I glance over at Akiho, but she just shakes her head in confusion.
Daitoku-san looks just as dumbfounded.
I guess nobody knows him.
Well, aside from one exception... There's one club member who's trembling violently and uncontrollably. Subaru.
He steps back once, then twice. He looks like he's about to run away at any moment
As a result, his foot gets caught on the Honorary Prez, who just happens to be standing on the ground.
Subaru: “Wh-Why...?”
Akiho: “Subaru? Do you know that guy?”
???: “Subaru.”
The old man is now so close that we can hear his voice. He calls out to Subaru.
I guess they do know each other.
Subaru, on the other hand...
Subaru: “...”
He suddenly stops shaking, hangs his head low, and freezes, crestfallen. There's nothing but despair on his face.
The older man completely ignores us and stops right in front of Subaru.
Subaru keeps his face lowered.
Maybe he's scared of making eye contact.
I have a hunch this guy is Subaru's old man, but I don't intend on trying to confirm that for myself.
Me, Akiho, and Junna can't do anything but watch what's about to unfold from the sidelines.
Hiromu: “What's the meaning of this?”
Subaru: “...It's not what you think.”
Hiromu: “Then what is it?”
Subaru: “I...”
Hiromu: “Then what is it?”
Subaru: “...”
Hiromu: “Don't just stand there. Say something!”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru: “I was playing with hobby robots...”
The older man draws back one of his massive, thick arms...
...And drives his fist deep into Subaru's cheek.
Subaru: “Nngh!”
Subaru's knocked to the ground with incredible force.
Akiho: “Ah!”
Junna: “...!”
Whoa, whoa, he just punched him...
Akiho: “U-Um...!”
It's during this tense moment that Akiho dares to speak to the man.
Akiho... don't do it. All you'll do is make things worse! This isn't being brave, it's being reckless!
Akiho: “I don't think anything good can come from—”
Subaru: “Prez, please stay out of this.”
Akiho's reckless intervention is quickly cut off by Subaru's words.
Subaru: “This has nothing to do with you.”
Akiho: “B-But...”
Subaru staggers to his feet. His lips are cut open, and a small trail of blood trickles from the wound.
Hiromu: “You promised me that you'd never play with those toys ever again.”
Hiromu: “And you broke that promise.”
Subaru: “...Yes.”
Hiromu: “Explain yourself.”
Subaru: “...my... dream...”
Hiromu: “Speak up!”
Subaru: “I couldn't... give up on my dream...”
Hiromu: “Dream?! You're in high school, yet you still talk about such childish bullshit?!”
Akiho: “...”
Judging by this conversation, that guy is definitely Subaru's old man.
It's hard to believe that this rugged dude ripped straight from the late '40s and this snarky intellectual are related.
So this is about Subaru playing with toys?
Is this why Subaru was hiding his identity by disguising himself as Mr. Pleiades?
Hiromu: “Do you understand why I'm upset, Subaru?”
Subaru: “...”
Hiromu: “I'm asking you a question.”
Subaru: “Because I'm still playing with hobby—”
Hiromu: “Because you went behind my back and broke your promise to me!”
Hiromu: “You said it yourself! You said you'd throw away all your robots!”
Hiromu: “You said that you'd follow in my footsteps as a fisherman!”
Hiromu: “Was that promise a goddamn lie too?! Huh?!”
Subaru: “It wasn't—”
Hiromu: “Then what the hell is this?!”
Hiromu: “How long have you been hiding this from me?!”
Subaru: “...Two years.”
Hiromu: “Two years?”
Hiromu: “Two goddamn years?!”
Hiromu: “You've been lying to your own father this whole damn time?!”
Hiromu: “How dare you?!”
Akiho: “Ah...!”
It all happened so fast, there was no time to stop him.
Subaru's father grabbed M45...
And threw it at the ground as hard as he could.
Subaru: “...!”
The ROBO-ONE champion.
The machine that Subaru worked so hard to build.
The crumpled remains of M45 sat still on the ground, its arms and legs bent every which way.
Hiromu: “This piece of shit...!”
Subaru's father then tries to smash it one more time with his foot...
Akiho: “Stop!”
Akiho desperately grabs onto his leg.
Akiho: “Please, just stop!”
Oh, Akiho... You still can't read the room... Always acting reckless...
Akiho: “He might look like a toy to you...”
Akiho: “But he's alive! He's filled with all of Subaru's thoughts and feelings!”
Akiho: “So please, don't destroy him...”
Akiho: “It's just too sad... Please...”
Akiho: “Hurting him means... sniff... hurting Subaru, too...”
Akiho...
Subaru: “Prez, please... don't get involved...”
Akiho: “...!”
Subaru: “This... has nothing to do with you...”
Akiho: “Subaru...”
Hiromu: “When you get home, you're going to explain all of this to me. In detail.”
Hiromu: “You will come home. Immediately.”
He angrily swipes his leg out from Akiho's grasp, and storms away from the airport.
Subaru: “...I'll be heading home now. As for M45... dispose of it at your convenience.”
Akiho: “How can you say that?!”
Subaru: “Please... That's enough. My dream... has reached its end.”
Subaru: “Excuse me...”
Subaru starts walking, his head still hanging low.
He really intends on going home, just like that.
Akiho: “Subaru!”
After wiping away her tears with her wrist, Akiho calls out to him.
Akiho: “You'll come back to the Robotics Club, right?”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “Right?”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru doesn't turn around or answer her. He just leaves.
I can only imagine what kind of conversation is about to happen when he gets home.
Subaru will probably just accept everything his father tells him.
He looked like he knew it was all over once he was caught.
Akiho: “I'm so sorry... I couldn't protect you...”
Akiho sits down in front of M45.
She gently caresses its damaged body with her fingers.
Junna: “Uh, um, can we... fix it... maybe...?”
Kaito: “Have you grown a bit attached to the robot too, Jun-chan?”
Junna: “Well, uh, I don't really understand it completely yet, but...”
Junna: “My dad once threw away a stuffed animal that I really treasured, and...”
Junna: “I remember being really sad about it, so...”
Junna: “I feel like... maybe this is kinda similar...”
Akiho: “Yeah, I think so too...”
Akiho: “Remember, Jun... Japanese people tend to see spirits in everyday objects.”
Akiho: “I bet that's also related to why mecha anime has been popular in Japan for so long...”
Junna: “I see...”
Kaito: “That's definitely a popular belief, but you shouldn't assume that everyone feels that way.”
Kaito: “We don't know how attached to M45 Subaru really was.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “It'll be easy to fix. Just ask Doc for help and it'll be good as new in no time.”
His sign does say “Robot Clinic” after all.
Unlike humans, hobby robots can be fixed.
But...
Kaito: “Even if M45 is fixable, Subaru-kun may not be...”
Junna: “Huh? What do you mean?”
Kaito: “When your spirit is that broken, it can be really difficult to recover.”
Junna: “Oh, right... Yeah... I know that all too well...”
I bet Junna's thinking of her time in the Karate Club.
For me, I never stopped playing games even after Misa-nee tore me to shreds endlessly when I was a kid.
Akiho: “...”
I glance at Akiho. She's crouched down with her hand pressed against her chest.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, are you having an attack?”
Akiho: “...”
She doesn't answer.
Junna: “A-Akiho-chan?!”
Kaito: “Aah, don't worry, she'll be fine.”
I help Akiho up by wrapping my arms around her shoulders.
All the life has drained from her face. Her eyes are staring off into the distance.
Her entire body is powerless. She's entirely at my mercy.
I guess all this fuss took an emotional toll on her.
I place her Fink toy into her hand, and she grabs onto it weakly.
Junna: “Uh, um... uh...”
Kaito: “Jun-chan, just take a deep breath and calm down.”
Junna: “Oh, okay...”
Junna does what she's told and takes two deep breaths.
Kaito: “Anyway, Aki-chan'll be back to normal in about 30 minutes, so could you do us a solid and go buy us some drinks?”
Kaito: “I'll pay you back later. Just grab a Skal and a Fruit Sour Melon. Make sure the Skal comes in a bottle.”
Junna: “O-Okay.”
Despite being on the verge of tears, Junna runs off to buy some drinks for us.
Time to call Akiho's house and have her parents pick her up.
I look down at M45, which is lying still on the ground.
Guess I'll store it in the hangar after I send Akiho home...
Subaru told us to toss it.
But there's no way I can just throw it away like that.
It's just...
I guess going to the ROBO-ONE World Championships isn't happening anymore.
With those thoughts running through my mind, I watch as the sun sets and the sky slowly turns purple.
