Akiho: “Good luck, Jun!”
Junna: “Um... Why am I...”
Akiho: “The future of the Robotics Club is in your hands, Jun! You just have to do it the way you always do!”
Junna: “B-But...”
Akiho: “Presenting Daitoku Junna of the Robotics Club! She'll be performing her impactful secret karate move, Supa... what's it called?”
Junna: “Suparinpei...”
Akiho: “The Suparinpei!”
I came here all fired up and ready to get a sponsorship, but...
Junna: “Eyaaaah...”
Jun is the only one who came with me.
Kai is here, but he found an all-you-can-eat candy section in the lobby and won't step foot outside of it.
As for Subaru and Frau Bow, they didn't even say anything.
Junna: “Heyaah.”
Taro: “Boing-chan!”
Akiho: “...”
After explaining our club's glorious history of highs and lows and even showing off the ROBO-ONE runner-up machine, we were still turned down because we “lacked impact.”
But today was gonna be different. Today they'd see our true potential. Or at least, that was the plan.
Junna: “Haiyah...”
Taro: “Boingy, boingy!”
Jun's voice is overshadowed by the sexual harassment parakeet.
The CEO is pretty fit, and since Mitchie is a PE teacher, I figured it might make sense to try a more physical approach.
The problem is that the first time I saw Jun do karate, “impact” was not the word that came to mind.
Honestly, she looks super weak.
Junna: “Shwaah...”
Taro: “Boing-chan?”
Might as well pack it up.
Junna: “Whew... Th-Thank you very much.”
Sumio: “Impaaaact!”
Akiho: “Oooooh?!”
Sumio: “This! This is it! This is exactly the impact I've been searching for!”
Sumio: “Daitoku-san, was it? Would you like to be our campaign girl?!”
Junna: “Uh, um, what?”
W-Well, this is an unexpected turn of events.
I didn't think this CEO was looking for a weak woodland creature like Jun!
Akiho: “I was wrong. I was so, so wrong.”
But hey, all's well that ends well!
I can't screw this up!
Akiho: “Mr. President, this... this is the Robotics Club!”
I state that as proudly as humanly possible.
Junna: “Was that really okay...?”
On the way home, I had Kai wait for us outside while Jun and I went to the empty field.
I figured I'd talk to her a bit since she was feeling down about her performance.
Things went amazing with Space Candy!
They've agreed to fund us with 100,000 yen every month from August to February as our sponsor!
Which is awesome!
So, Jun has nothing to feel sad about.
In fact, she's our savior! Much more so than Subaru or Frau Bow.
That's what I've been trying to tell her for a while now, but...
Junna: “Well, it's like... I can't genuinely feel excited about it...”
Junna: “It's not like my karate was amazing, or like I did anything worth being proud of.”
Akiho: “Sure, it's true that your kata had like, zero power behind it.”
Akiho: “But it did make me wanna hug you real tight like a stuffed animal!”
Junna: “Uugh...”
Akiho: “Er, that's a compliment! You were adorable!”
Junna: “Being called adorable isn't a compliment in the martial arts world...”
Akiho: “O-Oh.”
I said too much.
But it's true that that's the reason why the CEO took a liking to her.
Junna: “I'm glad I was able to contribute to the Robotics Club immediately after joining, but...”
Junna: “When I think about what I can do for the club going forward, I feel really uneasy.”
Jun flashes a lonely smile as she looks out at the horizon over the field.
The sun is setting.
It'll get dark soon around here.
The field we're in sits atop a hill, so there's always a strong breeze coming from the sea. It causes the wind engines nearby to spin endlessly.
The spinning speed changes with the wind's strength. Time flies as we mindlessly stare at them.
Akiho: “I think you were fated to join the Robotics Club, Jun.”
Akiho: “You know how everyone makes fun of us, right?”
Akiho: “Even after getting second place at ROBO-ONE, nobody takes us seriously. Heck, the VP is still after us.”
Akiho: “People still think we're a bunch of losers.”
Akiho: “But even then, you still came to check us out. You even joined our club!”
Akiho: “Granted, half of the reason was because I kept crying at you, but still. Hehe.”
Akiho: “Anyway, it was the first time I'd ever experienced something like that since joining the club.”
Junna: “B-But what about Hidaka-kun and Furugoori-san...?”
Akiho: “They already have their own thing going, you know?”
Akiho: “It's like they were forced to join because of their immediate value.”
They only joined because of deals they made out of self interest.
It's almost like a business network.
Akiho: “Anyway, I was just so flattered that you showed an interest in robots despite not knowing anything about them!”
Akiho: “I really want you to learn all sorts of things about robots and our club and stuff, so you come to like them even more!”
Junna: “You're sparkling.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Junna: “People who chase their dreams or put their all into something tend to sparkle.”
Akiho: “R-Really? Nobody's ever said that about me before...”
Junna: “It's true. I'm a little jealous.”
Junna: “Especially since my dream ended the other day...”
Junna: “I joined the Robotics Club as a replacement for karate, kind of...”
Junna: “My karate career is over, but since I have nothing else to do, I just kinda joined, I guess.”
Junna: “Ah, I'm sorry for saying that... I know this is all part of your dream, Senomiya-san...”
Akiho: “Is it sad? Having your dream just end like that.”
Junna: “Um, I don't really know. I kinda just... figured things'd end there, to be honest.”
Junna: “So, I guess I was emotionally ready for it.”
Akiho: “Well, if my dream came to an end, I'd be really sad.”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “So... I don't know if this can ever replace karate in your heart, but if it at least helps you feel any better, then that's great!”
Akiho: “Maybe you'll even end up finding another dream to pursue while you're in the club.”
Akiho: “So don't worry, okay?”
Akiho: “You and I are the Robotics Club Girls' Alliance, after all.”
As for Frau Bow... Well, we can deal with her some other time.
Junna: “Senomiya-san...”
Akiho: “Just call me Akiho.”
Junna: “Oh, uh, okay. Um, Akiho-chan.”
Oh gosh! I feel like I'm in some movie about a bunch of hip teenagers or something!
Things are finally starting to feel like the high school club experience I always wanted!
Akiho: “I'm getting hyped up!”
Junna: “Uh, um, if there's anything I can do, let me know, okay?”
Akiho: “Def! I'm counting on you!”
Akiho: “Heck, you worked a hundred times harder than those other three goofs today!”
Junna: “I, um, don't really want to perform any more kata in front of people I don't know...”
Akiho: “Hehe, sorry, my bad. I won't make you do that anymore.”
Junna: “Okay.”
Junna: “I'm glad we got to talk, Akiho-chan. I feel a little better.”
Akiho: “Was I presidential for once?”
Junna: “Well, I wouldn't go that far...”
Akiho: “Oh, c'mon! That was your cue to say, ‘Of course!’”
Either way, establishing deeper bonds with fellow club members is never a bad thing.
Akiho: “Now then, since we have money, let's go shopping for parts!”
Akiho: “Ah, but first, I gotta pay Doc back.”
I'll complete GunBuild-1 even if I don't get Kai and Subaru's help!
Akiho: “I guess I'll start with having you study all about Gunvarrel, Jun.”
Akiho: “There are 155 episodes total. Be sure to watch them all by the end of next week!”
Junna: “Huh?”
