Kobayashi: “Okaaay, while summer break starts tomorrow, don't get lazy.”
Kobayashi: “You have less than half a year until entrance exams. This summer is the most important time of your young lives.”
Kobayashi: “Please make this a meaningful summer break. That's all I have to say.”
And so, the first semester comes to a close with our homeroom teacher Kobayashi's words.
Good grief, like I need to be reminded of my impending doom.
I'd managed to completely forget about entrance exams up until now.
My classmates start leaving to head home.
Now, what should I do?
It's not even noon yet. I guess I'll play a ton of Kill-Ballad.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai.”
Or so I thought, but Akiho walks over to my seat.
Akiho: “I think this summer break is gonna be super important!”
She clenches her fist to stress this.
Don't tell me we're actually going to study for entrance exams?
No, there's no way she'd ever say something like that.
This is Akiho we're talking about. It's gotta be related to robots.
Akiho: “We only have half a year until the Expo. If we don't make big progress this summer, we'll never finish in time.”
See? Told you so.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, didn't you hear what Kobayashi said?”
Akiho: “I did why?”
Kaito: “Forget I mentioned it.”
Kaito: “I guess that means you've made up your mind. That's actually pretty cool, to be honest.”
She's basically saying she's ready to wait another year to apply to college.
Akiho: “So anyway, Kai, maybe we should go check up on Subaru?”
The day before yesterday, he had a huge fight with his old man.
Needless to say, he didn't come to club yesterday.
Kaito: “I think we should leave him alone.”
Akiho: “Just shush and come with me.”
Akiho grabs my arm and forcibly stands me up.
Good grief...
Kaito: “I thought you and him were on bad terms. Why the sudden change of heart?”
Akiho: “I'm the president of the Robotics Club. That's why!”
Kaito: “So basically, you're just excited to have something president-like to do.”
Akiho: “Hehe.”
Wow, she literally just laughed it off.
Akiho: “No, no. I'm not just excited, I swear. It's more like a 3:7 ratio in favor of concern.”
Kaito: “The excitement end is surprisingly high.”
Akiho: “R-Really? Then let's just say 2:8 and call it good.”
I'm not sure that's how this works.
Kaito: “Did Subaru come to school yesterday?”
Akiho: “Nope. He took the day off.”
It must have really gotten to him.
Akiho: “Considering M45 disappeared from the hangar, Subaru must've taken it. So...”
We take a look in the second year informatics classroom.
About half the students are still hanging around. Akiho asks a question from the doorway.
Akiho: “Is Hidaka Subaru here?”
Some students look at each other, others shake their heads. A boy—the class rep?—answers, “He's absent today.”
We give our thanks and exit the classroom.
Sitting before us is the courtyard where our clubroom is.
I sit down in my reserved seat in the shade of the tree. Akiho paces around the lawn like she can't settle down.
Akiho: “This is bad, this is really bad!”
Akiho: “Subaru might stop coming to school at this rate!”
Kaito: “You're overthinking things.”
I brush her off, then take out my PokeCom and prepare for some Kill-Ballad.
Akiho: “At this rate, I'm gonna have no other choice but to rush his house! It's my responsibility as president!”
Kaito: “I wouldn't recommend that. You're just gonna cause more trouble.”
Besides, going to his house means confronting that stubborn father of his. There's zero chance of victory.
Akiho: “Grrr! Then what should I do?!”
Kaito: “Things'll turn out the way they turn out.”
After dropping some knowledge on Akiho, I boot up Kill-Ballad.
