I've been listening to the rain pummel the ground for hours now.
The typhoon's finally made landfall.
The windows have been rattling constantly because of the strong winds.
According to the news, it should pass in a few hours.
There were landslides in the past due to typhoons, so I'm a little nervous.
Akiho: “...”
For the first time in a week, I sent Big Sis an email.
Of course, it's about my meeting at JAXA yesterday.
If I'm being frank, it's actually a great deal.
It's a no-brainer.
It'd be foolish of me to not accept it.
But...
I just can't bring myself to freeze all development on GunBuild-1.
My dream is completing that robot.
I don't care how ugly it is. It needs to be that robot.
Am I being selfish?
I was feeling so insecure about it that I ended up asking Big Sis for advice.
And now here I am in bed, waiting for a response I know I won't get.
Akiho: “...!”
The ringing isn't coming from my PokeCom, it's from the phone downstairs.
It freaked me out.
Mom must've answered it.
Geez, that really scared me.
I really thought Big Sis had called for a second there.
But what if it is actually her?
No, there's no way.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Hey, Big Sis...”
Akiho: “If it's okay with you...”
Akiho: “Would it be all right if I froze development on GunBuild-1 and started a second GunBuild from scratch?”
But I just can't.
Akiho’s Mother: “Aki-chaaan!”
I jump again.
Mom's calling me from the hallway.
Could it really be...
Akiho’s Mother: “Do you know where Kai-kun went?”
Akiho: “Kai...?”
I stick my head out and yell back at Mom.
Akiho: “What do you mean?”
Akiho’s Mother: “I got a call from Yashio-san's place! He's not home yet!”
Akiho: “He didn't come to the club today.”
Akiho’s Mother: “Given how bad it is out there, can you try contacting him just in case?”
Akiho: “Okaaay.”
Akiho: “What the heck is Kai up to?”
Let's call him and find out.
Akiho: “Call Yashio Kaito.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “He's not answering...”
Akiho: “What is he doing at a time like this?”
Akiho: “Is he at the park again?”
Akiho: “End call.”
I give up on calling him and try to reach him via email and Twipo.
Outside there's rain, rain, and only rain. The large water droplets strike the window.
Only their sounds echo out through the darkness.
Akiho: “What the heck are you doing, Kai?”
Akiho: “I'm gonna give him one heck of a ‘big jerk’ attack later.”
My monologuing is erased by the sounds of the fierce rain outside.
I once again attempt to call Kai, praying to the powers that be.
