The airport apron is empty, like the commotion during the day never happened.
The setting sun casts a long shadow over the robot.
After taking five minutes to make its way about three meters, the robot now stands in silence.
With the engine dead, it has to be disassembled and repaired before another test can be done.
Akiho has been squatting in front of the robot for almost three hours now.
Kaito: “Aki-chan. Let's go home.”
I'm tired of waiting, so I call out to her. She slowly stands up.
But she's still looking at the robot.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai?”
Akiho: “Nobody really, truly looked at GunBuild-1, did they?”
Gone from her voice is the excitement and cheerfulness she had before the test.
Akiho: “I've been deluded for the last three days.”
Akiho: “How everyone would be smiling and amazed as GunBuild-1 started to move.”
Akiho: “Little kids would say they wanted to ride in it. The school, and even the VP, would finally recognize our club.”
Akiho: “I thought for sure that's how things would turn out. Hehe.”
Akiho: “But it wasn't like that at all...”
Akiho: “Everyone just hurried to leave...”
After the robot's engine broke down, Akiho explained the situation to the audience, who then left immediately.
The only people who stayed were those partying from the middle of the day. They didn't care about the robot.
Kaito: “It's not your fault, Aki-chan. It's Mr. Sumio's for gathering people here for our first test.”
Kaito: “Even pros usually aren't hugely successful during their first test.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I know, but...”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Big Sis could have probably done it.”
Akiho: “I've always been compared to my sister, so I always end up thinking this way.”
Akiho: “With results like this, I can't help but think.”
Akiho: “Maybe it's because I'm not good enough...”
Misa-nee was a prodigy who could do anything better than most. It can't be easy being her little sister.
Kaito: “Here.”
I press the bottle of Skal I bought against Akiho's cheek.
Akiho: “It's cold!”
Kaito: “Drink that and reset your feelings.”
Akiho: “Reset?”
Kaito: “It's not like you to be so gloomy.”
Kaito: “Blast of spirit, right?”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
Akiho obediently accepts the Skal.
Kaito: “But you need to consider what the plan is going forward.”
Kaito: “Subaru told me that you need to pass safety inspections in order to go to the Expo.”
Kaito: “You have three choices.”
Kaito: “Give up on entering and put an end to the Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “Not happening.”
Kaito: “Modify the robot.”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
Kaito: “Or option three, accept JAXA's proposal and build Model-2 from the ground up.”
Akiho: “H-Hmm...”
Kaito: “What do you want most, Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “Well, I...”
Kaito: “Until now, your goal was completing that robot over there.”
Kaito: “And you did that. Quality notwithstanding.”
Akiho: “Don't be mean about it like it's no big deal.”
Kaito: “You need to ask yourself what you want to do going forward.”
Kaito: “What you want in the here and now.”
Kaito: “What you want to achieve, no matter what.”
Kaito: “What do you want most?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho quietly closes her eyes and thinks to herself.
At last, she opens her mouth and speaks.
Akiho: “I want Big Sis to truly see me.”
Akiho: “No, that's not it.”
Akiho: “I want to catch up to her.”
Akiho opens her eyes. I get the sense that the usual shine has returned to them.
Akiho: “I want to reach her.”
Kaito: “Looks like you're sure.”
That's right, she's sure. I'm relieved to hear the answer I expected.
For a long, long time, Akiho has tried her best to catch up to Misa-nee.
Wanting to be praised by her.
Wanting her sister to truly see her.
Wanting to make her sister happy.
All of that would just be an extra bonus if she could just catch up to Misa-nee.
Akiho: “But by myself, I go nowhere. I'm completely useless...”
Kaito: “Ain't that what friends are for?”
Akiho: “Friends...?”
Kaito: “Hell, you've got a bunch of useful friends now, don't you?”
Kaito: “I can hardly believe that it was just me and you until last month.”
Kaito: “Granted, we've all got personality issues, but...”
Kaito: “It's true that the skill is there.”
Kaito: “If that wall around Misa-nee is too tall for you to get over alone, then work with your friends to get it done.”
Kaito: “Didn't you say this morning that if we worked together, we'd have 100 times the spirit and power or something?”
Akiho: “I didn't say that...”
Akiho: “I only said 100 times the spirit.”
Don't sweat the deets.
Kaito: “At the very least, you have Hidaka Subaru and Furugoori Kona. Those second years are powerhouses.”
Kaito: “They already proved that during ROBO-ONE.”
Kaito: “Plus, you can get JAXA to help out.”
Kaito: “Do you really have time to be so hesitant when you're blessed with such good fortune?”
Kaito: “Before complaining about your own lack of power, how about making use of whatever you've got around you?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Grr...”
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
Kaito: “Whoa, hey now.”
It's been a while since she did that...
Kaito: “I'm trying to tell you something important. What's the deal?”
Akiho: “Because no matter how much I asked for your help before, you always refused!”
Akiho: “And now you're telling me to work with others?!”
Kaito: “Didn't I get into the robot for you today?”
Kaito: “Do you know how hellish it was inside that cockpit?”
Akiho: “That's... I'm grateful, but...”
Kaito: “Oh, and by the way, my stance is going to be the same as it always is.”
Kaito: “If you want my help, you gotta beat me at Kill-Ballad.”
Akiho: “Big jerk!”
Kaito: “I said stop that!”
I desperately escape from Akiho's wild hands.
Akiho: “Ahh, I'm getting super pumped!”
Akiho: “I want to run off into the setting sun!”
And just like that, the sad-looking girl who was crouching in front of Model-1 for three hours is gone.
Kaito: “Don't do that. You'll have an attack.”
Akiho: “It's your fault for getting me all stirred up!”
Kaito: “I was only trying to comfort you, good grief...”
Kaito: “I've given you countless little pushes in the back. This is just another one of those.”
Kaito: “Not that you've ever noticed.”
Akiho: “Of course I noticed.”
Kaito: “Huh... Really?”
Akiho: “I notice, and it makes me super happy! I just don't like how you word it!”
Akiho: “You always act all high and mighty, Kai!”
Kaito: “My bad.”
Kaito: “But if you've noticed, then just accept the push. You're the one who moves forward.”
Akiho: “Don't put it all on me.”
Akiho: “Sometimes even I wanna stop for a while.”
Kaito: “Like now?”
Akiho: “No, but!”
Akiho: “Whoooa! Storm and surge! Blast of spirit!”
Akiho: “Hahh...”
Akiho cries out then sighs, displaying a truly extreme change of mood, then looks back at the robot.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1 looks lonely...”
Kaito: “You think so?”
Akiho: “Maybe he'd be happier if we built him a friend.”
Kaito: “Maybe.”
I'm not gonna be insensitive and say robots don't have personalities. Even I can read the room on this one.
I think back on how Akiho proudly explained that Japanese people see spirits and gods in ordinary objects.
Akiho: “But I really did wanna bring him to the Expo...”
It's okay.
Misa-nee is taking a good look at the finished Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1, in all its ugly and lame glory.
When she called me before, she said that she'd read every message we sent her.
So, I know for a fact that your feelings are reaching her, Akiho.
