Subaru: “Stop being so stubborn. I told you, I'm not wearing it.”
Subaru's irritating me.
Akiho: “Club members have always worn one! Whether they're boys or girls!”
Subaru: “If I put that on, it'll be totally obvious that I'm still a part of the Robotics Club.”
Subaru: “I'd have no excuse if my dad showed up again! Are you prepared to take responsibility for that?!”
Akiho: “Er, well...”
Like yesterday, Subaru showed up again, so I figured I'd have him help with assembling GunBuild-1's left leg.
I offered to let him wear one of the jumpsuits the Club has used for years. I didn't think he'd be so against it!
Akiho: “Won't you get dirty if you work in your regular clothes?”
Subaru: “There's no need to worry. I don't plan on helping.”
Akiho: “Whaaat?! I need you to help!”
Subaru: “It'd be bad news if my dad saw me helping out. Didn't I tell you that yesterday?”
Says Subaru as he enters the hangar and begins to inspect the large servomotors.
Looks like he hasn't lost his passion for giant robots.
Subaru: “Besides, Daitoku-senpai and Yashio-senpai were both here yesterday. You should have gotten them to help.”
Akiho: “I tried to ask a bunch of times, but you and Kai wouldn't listen.”
It's rare for all four of us to be in one place, so before the fireworks, I figured we could assemble the left leg.
But it was a no-go. The servomotor ended up hanging from this engine crane for two days.
Akiho: “The Boys' Alliance is as unfriendly as always.”
Plus, Kai is playing hooky today.
Akiho: “But I'm glad you dropped by today. I bet it's because I bought you that mask yesterday!”
Subaru: “Don't make it sound like you're assuming I'll help.”
Subaru: “By the way, given how large the motor is, it would be too difficult for two people to assemble it by themselves.”
Subaru: “I believe this process will require at least three people. Not that I'll be helping.”
Akiho: “Jun will be here soon, so, perfect.”
Subaru: “Stop being so stubborn.”
Akiho: “Right back at you!”
Subaru: “Hmph...”
Akiho: “Heheheh...”
Sparks fly as our gazes collide.
But then Subaru averts his eyes and looks back at the motor. Coward!
Subaru: “This thing must consume a whole lot of power given its size.”
Subaru: “That power generator likely wouldn't be able to run it well.”
Akiho: “Doc was saying the same thing. That's why we're loading batteries into it as well.”
The central part of GunBuild-1 contains the engine, power generator, and multiple batteries.
The engine runs the power generator to make electricity, which moves the servomotors in the legs.
Subaru: “But even on a multi-hour charge, those batteries would only give you two to three more minutes of operating time.”
Akiho: “Th-That's better than nothing, right?”
Subaru: “This is complete nonsense if it can only run for five minutes.”
Subaru: “Even if you somehow get into the Expo, it'll be stuck in place for most of its time there.”
Akiho: “Sure, but...”
Akiho: “It can't fit any more batteries. It'll get too heavy and screw up its center of gravity.”
Subaru: “So, you understand the situation you're in that well, yet you still persist with this charade?”
Akiho: “I can't stop now. It's almost finished.”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru is staring me down from behind his glasses.
Akiho: “What?”
Subaru: “Nothing.”
Yet again, he averts his eyes first.
Subaru: “It seems that no matter what I say, you don't want to listen.”
Subaru: “Would you listen if it was Yashio-senpai saying these things?”
Akiho: “Kai doesn't have any interest in GunBuild-1, so it doesn't matter...”
Subaru: “But there's still a chance you'd listen to him. I see.”
As we continue talking...
A truck I recognize parks in front of the hangar.
On the side of the body, is “Robot Clinic” written in bold, imposing font.
This is a total secret, but every time I see it, I gotta hold back my laughter at how silly it looks.
Fujita: “Yo.”
As expected, Doc gets out from the driver's seat.
Akiho: “Hi, Doc.”
Fujita: “I brought the third servomotor.”
Akiho: “Just what I was waiting for♪”
I stretch up and peek inside the truck bay.
There's a single large object sitting there.
It's a part of GunBuild-1. From the ankle down, to be more specific.
I've already extended, welded, and bolted parts onto Doc's made-to-order giant servomotor.
I even added wheels to the front of the foot to account for what Subaru pointed out.
It's not quite the same as the right leg that was assembled years ago, but it's pretty close in form.
And this is all thanks to Doc letting me use a bunch of the machines at his store.
Normally, a local workshop would never let an outsider, never mind a teenager, use their stuff.
But Doc went and told me to do whatever I could on my own. He even let me borrow the tools I needed.
This is why I've been commuting to Doc's shop every day to build the ankle.
Akiho: “Looks like the left leg will be finished sooner than I expected.”
Akiho: “I refuse to let anyone say these legs are just for show!”
Akiho: “I worked really hard! Right, Doc?”
Fujita: “Hmm. That's 'cause it was designed so that it could be put together real quick once the servomotor was ready.”
Fujita: “That ain't yer achievement. The OGs prepared the machine parts and connectors beforehand.”
Akiho: “Hehe, I know that.”
But I did have to assemble the thigh section all by myself.
The thigh is the most important part of GunBuild-1, as it forcibly connects two servomotors with metal plates.
GunBuild-1 relies on his strength in order to walk.
If GunBuild-1's not strong enough, the leg won't be able to endure the weight of his body and he'll collapse.
The thigh section is currently hanging from an engine crane in the hangar.
That's the motor that Subaru was inspecting earlier.
Basically, the leg consists of three parts. The thigh, the ankle Doc just brought over, and the pre-completed shin.
The shin is just a part that connects the thigh servomotor to the ankle one. It's about as thick as the thigh.
But it doesn't contain any servomotors of its own, so the OGs completed it years ago and stored it in the hangar.
The OGs also made each bolt used to connect the thigh, shin, and ankle, so everything's now accounted for.
In other words...
While the left leg is still incomplete, aside from assembly, we're about 80% of the way there.
Akiho: “Our once-suspended work is finally moving forward again♪”
I've been really excited this entire past week.
Akiho: “Do you understand now, Subaru?”
Subaru: “Understand what, exactly?”
Akiho: “We weren't just slacking off this entire time.”
Akiho: “Work stagnated 'cuz we couldn't buy an engine, batteries, servomotors, or the big parts we couldn't just build.”
Akiho: “That's why all of us in the club were slowly making the connector parts, bolts, armor, and other stuff.”
Granted, after becoming a senior, most of my time was taken up trying to negotiate our budget with the VP.
Akiho: “But now all our hard work has borne fruit! This is the crystallization of our blood, sweat, and tears!”
Akiho: “I just want you to understand that.”
Subaru: “Sounds bloody.”
Akiho: “The blood thing was an exaggeration...”
Akiho: “Anyway! Thank you, OGs! I'll make sure your efforts take form now!”
I face the setting sun—although it's still broad daylight out—and swear my oath once again.
Doc uses a crane to remove the ankle section from the truck bed.
Akiho: “Doc, you're actually really nice.”
Akiho: “Always transporting the parts here for free after I buy them and stuff.”
Akiho: “Or wait, is the transportation fee included in the base price?”
Akiho: “I knew it looked a little higher than market value...”
Fujita: “Did you say something?”
Akiho: “Nope, definitely not! Ahah.”
Fujita: “Hmph. I don't charge transport fees to places on the island.”
Fujita: “I include aftercare to paying customers. That's what a pro does.”
Fujita: “Plus, you'd probably drag that bastard Mitsuhiko over to use his pickup truck if you did handle transport yourselves.”
Fujita: “I don't want him setting foot in my store. I'd rather handle this myself than see that jackass.”
Akiho: “W-Wow, you really don't like him.”
I'm really glad I told Mitchie not to swing by the hangar today.
After Doc lowered GunBuild-1's ankle section, he and Subaru then helped me push it into the hangar.
It has wheels, but that's just to prevent tripping. They're not usually touching the ground.
We ended up having to move the thing on a rolling cart.
Akiho: “Hey, could you help me with this, Doc? I was about to attach the thigh section.”
Fujita: “You got a lot of guts putting the elderly to work, youngin'.”
Akiho: “I'm just relying on your experience, Doc!”
Fujita: “Hmph. Well, since I'm here, I guess I'll lend you a hand.”
Fujita: “But I don't like this. Wasn't there another guy in the Robotics Club? What happened to your escort?”
Akiho: “Kai's playing hooky. Hahh...”
Akiho: “Oh, but Jun should be here soon.”
Fujita: “Jun? Who the hell's that?”
Akiho: “What are you saying? She's your granddaughter, Daitoku Junna-chan.”
Fujita: “O-Oh, Jun, huh?”
Doc suddenly goes quiet.
Fujita: “I see. So, she joined the Robotics Club?”
Akiho: “You didn't know?”
Fujita: “Not like it matters.”
Fujita: “Let's get to work. You're in charge.”
Fujita: “And you, Four Eyes!”
Subaru: “...!”
Subaru was quietly attempting to leave, but Doc angrily shouts at him from behind.
Fujita: “You ain't going nowhere. You're gonna help, too.”
Subaru: “I...”
Fujita: “Hurry up and get ready, or I'll knock your lights out!”
Subaru: “This is crazy...”
Subaru mutters to himself like he's about to cry.
The thigh section weighs over 100 kilograms.
We adjust the location of the engine crane it's hanging from, and set it so that it can connect to the waist section.
It takes over 10 minutes for the three of us to move it only a few meters.
We very carefully set it into the connection part of the waist.
While supporting the thigh section hanging in midair, we make minute adjustments over and over again.
Fujita: “You idiot! Further to the left!”
Akiho: “What?! But you just said to the right!”
Subaru: “You went too far! See?! You did it again! Stop, stop!”
Fujita: “Do it right! At this rate, the connection'll be out of line!”
Akiho: “Your directions stink, Doc!”
This sucks.
Why am I the one getting yelled at over and over again?
The thigh section is heavy, so adjusting it by even a few centimeters is tough work.
I'm soaked in sweat, my throat is parched, and I don't have the leeway to drink a Skal.
After getting the connection lined up, I insert the Robotics Club's handmade bolts and secure them.
Each connector uses over 10 large bolts.
I carefully, but quickly, fasten around 30 bolts in total.
Meanwhile, Doc and Subaru quietly support the thigh section in its position.
If it's even slightly off, the bolts won't go through properly.
This could lead to failure later, so it has to be done carefully and securely.
Akiho: “Wait, huh? I'm short three bolts... Do you know where they went?”
Fujita: “You idiot! You gotta keep track of things like that!”
Subaru: “How would we know where you put the bolts? And more importantly, could you please just hurry up?”
Akiho: “This is so weird. I counted them a few days ago...”
I crawl around on the floor searching for them, but no luck.
Akiho: “Just hang in there, you two!”
I run over to the shelf at the back of the hangar.
I scrounge around in the box with small parts, but I don't see the bolts I'm after.
Subaru: “Why would only three be missing? This is nonsense.”
Fujita: “Don't tell me you were short from the start.”
Subaru: “Then it's a simple counting error? That's entirely possible considering who we're dealing with.”
Akiho: “There's no way I made a mistake! I counted them over 30 times!”
Back when GunBuild-1 construction was at a standstill, all I could do was stuff like count bolts and oil the motor cams.
Fujita: “Then check the ground again.”
Fujita: “Small bits like that tend to roll into weird places.”
Prompted by Doc, I crawl into the area below the hanging thigh section to see if the bolts fell down there.
Akiho: “Ah! Found 'em!”
They weren't under the thigh section. Instead, they had rolled under the knee of the completed right leg.
And with that, mission accomplished.
I put a couple of thick wooden rods under the thigh section to support it.
Akiho: “Whew. We're done!”
It's insanely hot in the garage, so the three of us are drenched in sweat.
I check the time on my PokeCom.
Akiho: “Wow, almost two hours passed since we started working.”
Subaru: “You just don't have a knack for this, Prez.”
Fujita: “He's right. Folks at a workshop could finish this kinda gig in a half hour, easy.”
Isn't it kinda unfair to be comparing me to the pros?
Subaru: “Just give me a break... If my dad found me doing this kind of work...”
Akiho: “In that case, Doc, you take the lead on the shin section.”
Fujita: “We're doing that now?”
Akiho: “You said it'd take you 30 minutes, right?”
Fujita: “When the hell did I become the Robotics Club's exclusive mechanic?”
Doc grimaces like he just bit down on a sour lemon.
His wrinkled face looks even more wrinkled than usual.
Fujita: “Well, whatever. I have time to spare today. I'll play along for now.”
Akiho: “And Subaru will too!”
Subaru: “I'm going home!”
Subaru: “And whatever happened to Daitoku-senpai?!”
Akiho: “Huh? Now that you mention it...”
Did she see that Doc was here and run off?
Akiho: “Poor Grandpa Doc...”
I want to cry.
Fujita: “Quit spouting nonsense. Let's get started.”
Akiho: “Oh, but I want to eat lunch first. I haven't had anything since this morning.”
Fujita: “You got an elderly man busting his ass for you. Ain't got no time for your whining.”
Akiho: “Oh, c'moooon.”
Fujita: “This is why kids these days are so damn useless.”
Subaru: “I'm sorry, but I—”
Fujita: “Shut up, Four Eyes! I'm not letting you leave!”
Subaru: “N-Nyo way...”
Whoa, Doc is fuming!
In the end, the three of us worked all the way until sunset without taking a single break.
I refuse to believe that Doc is in his 70s.
He might be more spritely than we are. Geez.
But thanks to him, we managed to complete the left leg in a single day.
