Thursday, canceled due to rain.
Friday, also canceled due to rain.
The sky finally clears, three days after the robot stood up.
It's finally the day of the operation test.
Akiho has been crazy nervous since this morning, but I'm not worried at all. I head to the old airport as carefree as ever.
But I'm shocked by the spectacle that awaits us there.
Akiho: “Wait, what's going on?!”
There are people. Lots of people all over the old airport.
Not quite as many as the Yoira~Iki Festival the other day, but a pretty comparable number.
There are also around 20 stalls set up, with delicious smells wafting from them.
Even Mizuka-san is here, selling drinks from a cooler box. There are a bunch of people with sheets down and lunch boxes out.
There are also older folks who look like they dropped by because they saw something going on.
Some kids are looking up at the giant robot and calling it ugly and big, while other kids are running around.
Some students from our school are voicing their opinions about how the scarf is dirty and the like.
People from JAXA, notably Tennouji-san, are evaluating the robot using all sorts of technical lingo.
Anyway, only one thing is for certain.
Everyone in attendance is watching the robot and excitedly waiting for it to move.
That's right. Everyone came to see the Robotics Club's robot.
Probably because there's not much in the form of entertainment on this island.
But who told everyone about it?
Only the Robotics Club members should know that there's an operation test today.
Sumio: “Yo! The young heroes of the Robotics Club have finally arrived!”
Taro: “Boing-chan!”
Our sponsor comes lumbering over to us.
He's got a huge smile and seems to be in high spirits.
Sumio: “I put out an advertisement with huge impact for this most important day of days! Gahahah!”
Sumio: “Just take a look!”
He points to a flyer with an outdated-looking design.
Kaito: “Th-This is...”
Sumio: “I had the Nannichi Newspaper run ads today! Of course we'd get this many people showing up!”
Sumio: “There are reporters here, too! It'll be front page news tomorrow, along with that huge Space Candy Company sticker!”
Sumio: “Anyway, all that's left is for y'all to impress! Move that big boy around and amaze everyone!”
Sumio: “I've got big expectations! I'll be watching from my VIP seat!”
And with all that said, Mr. Sumio finally leaves.
By the way, the VIP seat he referred to is just a table under a tent, like you'd see at a school sports festival.
Akiho: “I didn't expect there to be so many people...”
Kaito: “It's okay to cancel. This is just our first test, which means there's a chance something could malfunction.”
Akiho: “Hehehe.”
I thought she was anxiously shaking, but she starts chuckling instead. Is she actually trembling with excitement?
Akiho: “What are you saying, Kai?”
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Jakiiin!”
She starts shouting all of a sudden.
Akiho: “I've been waiting for this moment!”
Akiho: “Now we can show everyone what we've got! We can reclaim the glory of the Robotics Club!”
Akiho: “I'm getting pumped up! Super duper pumped up!!!”
She thrusts her finger up at the sun shining down on us from above.
She hasn't even considered the possibility of failure.
She's totally getting ahead of herself.
Don't blame me if something goes wrong...
Akiho: “All right, Robotics Club, assemble!”
Akiho: “Wait, wait. Are Subaru and Frau Bow not here, again?”
As per the usual, the pair are MIA.
The only Robotics Club members gathered in front of the hangar are Akiho, Junna, and myself.
And our advisor Mitchie, of course.
Kaito: “I'm sure those two have their reasons.”
Subaru's working in secret from his dad, so he can't ever appear when there's a crowd.
As for Frau, well, she never shows up anyway.
Akiho: “But today's such an important day for us!”
Akiho: “This is the kind of event where everyone needs to come together! Shared memories, man!”
Akiho: “Isn't that what friends are for? Am I wrong?!”
Akiho: “Genki-kun always said if everyone works together, you have 100 times the spirit!”
Akiho: “Yoira~Iki!”
Akiho raises her fist into the air, alone.
Akiho: “Maybe we should at least drag Frau Bow out here.”
Kaito: “I get how you feel, but we'll start getting booed if we make the audience wait for too long.”
The operation test has long lost its original purpose.
This isn't a test; it's a reveal ceremony.
Thus the schedule is no longer at our convenience. We have to follow the whims of the audience.
People on the island are easygoing and relaxed, so they're still doing as they please and enjoying themselves.
But if we make them wait for hours, they're gonna start getting restless.
So, we need to hurry up and get this thing going and wrap up so that everyone can disperse quickly.
Akiho: “I really don't like this, but...”
Akiho: “I wanna get GunBuild-1 moving ASAP! We already had to delay for two days because of rain, so I'm itching to go!”
Akiho: “All right, forget the people who didn't show up, and let's get this operation test moving!”
I'm glad she came to a decision and all, but...
We haven't actually decided on how to move forward.
Akiho: “The only things we gotta do are have the pilot get inside, start up the power, and press the walking buttons.”
Kaito: “Walking buttons?”
Akiho: “For advancing and turning. If you hold it down, it'll keep walking forward. The turn button makes it rotate in place.”
Akiho: “It stops when you let it go.”
Akiho: “That's all.”
Akiho: “I know I keep calling the operator a pilot, but it's actually not that difficult.”
Akiho: “Those are the only two buttons in the cockpit.”
Then hey, anyone could do it.
Including Junna or Mitchie.
Junna: “S-So, um...”
Junna is acting more timid than usual today.
She's totally avoiding looking at the robot. It's obvious that she can barely stand up.
Junna: “Wh-Who's going to ride Model 1-kun?”
Junna: “I-I, um, I can't...”
Junna: “A robot that tall is, um, too scary...”
I've known for a while now that Junna is terrified.
Akiho: “Hmm, but the only one with the stamina to climb that rope ladder is you, Jun.”
Kaito: “R-Rope ladder?!”
I look toward the robot's back in surprise.
Aside from the giant scarf, there's something else hanging off the robot. It's dirty and moist from the rain.
The thing in question is a rope ladder hanging from the cockpit hatch on the back.
Someone needs to climb up THAT?!
Nope. No way. Impossible.
It takes skill just to climb a rope ladder. Nobody could climb eight meters up that thing without any practice.
It's obviously impossible for me, never mind someone with weak mental strength like Junna. And forget Frau.
Akiho: “Hm, then instead, let's have—”
Kaito: “Mitchie.”
Before Akiho can announce a substitute pilot, I make my own nomination.
Mitsuhiko: “Hm?”
Speaking of Mitchie, he wasn't even listening to our conversation. He's been recording the festival on his PokeCom.
Mitsuhiko: “Wait, you want me to pilot that thing?”
Akiho: “Whaaat?”
Akiho is clearly displeased.
Kaito: “You're the first president of the Robotics Club, and you've been involved with the GunBuild Project from the start.”
Kaito: “I personally don't think anyone else is more suited than you.”
Kaito: “Plus, only someone strong could climb that rope ladder. Someone like you, Mitchie.”
Mitsuhiko: “Heck yeah. I've been doing weight training!”
Akiho: “B-But I really think it should be a student who pilots it.”
Kaito: “There's not a single Robotics Club member who can climb that rope ladder.”
Akiho: “Jun can—”
Kaito: “Even if she somehow gets inside, Jun-chan won't be able to do anything in her current state.”
Junna: “...I-I'm sorry...”
Mitsuhiko: “By the by, I have my own excuse. Listen well—this is a good example for you to follow in the future.”
Mitsuhiko: “I actually slept in an awkward position yesterday, so I can't move my neck.”
Kaito: “What?!”
Mitsuhiko: “That's that! All right? Remember kids, you gotta grow up to be Japanese people who can say no. Pro tip.”
Useless! This delinquent teacher is completely useless!
Akiho: “Then it's settled! Kai's the pilot.”
Kaito: “No chance.”
See, Mitchie? I'm putting your most recent pro tip to use by saying no.
Kaito: “If you want me to get in the robot, face me in a match.”
Akiho: “Grr...”
Kaito: “If you win, fine, I'll pilot it. IF you win.”
Sumio: “Heeey, are you kids ready yet?”
I can hear our sponsor urging us on from his VIP seat.
Mitsuhiko: “This is bad, guys. Uncle is getting impatient.”
Mitsuhiko: “If you don't do something, Sakurajima will explode!”
Kaito: “What's that supposed to mean?”
Mitsuhiko: “When Uncle gets mad, his face turns all pink. I like to compare it to Sakurajima. Remember that.”
Thanks for the useless info.
Sumio: “Mitsuhiko! Get over here!”
After getting called over by Mr. Sumio, Mitchie awkwardly trots to the VIP seat.
I guess he really did sleep in a bad position. Crap.
Now then.
This is unexpected.
I'm back to square one.
There's nobody here who can pilot the robot.
Which means we can't move it.
Akiho holds her head and starts to rack her brain.
Even after being disqualified, Junna has curled up and shrunk back in fear.
If Misa-nee was here, she'd totally be up for the task.
Mitsuhiko: “Heeey.”
Mitchie immediately returns.
He has an old megaphone in his hands.
He suddenly hands it to Akiho.
Mitsuhiko: “Uncle said you gotta greet everyone, Little Senomiya.”
Akiho: “Wait, what?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Y'know, like, announcing what's gonna happen? You can keep it short, but it's a big moment, so make it good.”
Mitsuhiko: “Once that's done, Daitoku's gonna perform a kata.”
Junna: “...!”
Junna starts shaking her head with extreme force.
Her face quickly goes pale.
Mitsuhiko: “If you can't do it, you gotta be the one to tell Uncle.”
Junna immediately staggers off toward the VIP seats.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, Little Senomiya. Your teacher has a pro tip for getting over nervousness.”
Mitsuhiko: “Draw the kanji character for ‘person’ three times—no, five times—on the palm of your hand, then eat it.”
That's not a pro tip, Mitchie.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho stares at the megaphone for a little while, then...
Akiho: “I got this. I'll go and do it.”
Kaito: “Wait, Aki-chan. What are we gonna do about the pilot issue?”
Akiho: “It'll all be fine.”
She answers with a smile, then puffs out her chest and walks toward the robot.
Akiho: “Umm, everyone! Thank you for accepting our invitation and gathering here from far and wide, and, um...”
Crap, she's already tripping over her words.
Akiho: “Ojarimouse!”
Tanegashima Local A: “Awesome!”
Tanegashima Local B: “You got this!”
Tanegashima Local C: “Just move it already!”
Tanegashima Local D: “So lame!”
Tanegashima Local E: “Yo! We've been waiting!”
Akiho: “I'm Senomiya Akiho, head of the Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Research Club, general course Class 3-2.”
Akiho: “This robot was built by us over the course of nine years. It's a giant, bipedal robot of love and justice.”
Love and justice? Really?
That's the first time I've ever heard it described like that.
Akiho: “Its official name is Prototype Model-1 of the Let's Create a Life-Size Gunvarrel Project.”
Akiho: “Please feel free to call it Gunvarrel, GunBuild-1, or Prototype Model-1. Any of these are fine!”
Akiho: “This is our first operation test! Our pilot will board the robot, turn on the power, and perform walking checks.”
Akiho: “Um... What else should I say...?”
Akiho: “G-GunBuild-1 was designed by my older sister, Senomiya Misaki!”
Akiho: “A-Anyway, please enjoy yourselves!”
What a mess of a speech.
Not that it matters.
What's she gonna do about the pilot?
I watch anxiously as I see Akiho hand the megaphone to Mitchie, then grab on to the rope ladder.
Kaito: “Wait, wait, wait!”
I rush over and stop Akiho just as she attempts to start climbing.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, what the hell are you doing?!”
Akiho: “I figured I'd pilot it.”
Akiho: “I've always wanted to pilot a robot, y'know? If nobody else'll do it, I might as well. Hehe.”
Kaito: “You know I can't allow that.”
Akiho: “Oh, c'mon! It'll be fine. Today's just a simple test.”
Akiho: “Plus, I know GunBuild-1 better than anyone else in the club.”
Kaito: “You can't. I won't let you go.”
Akiho: “But there's nobody else!”
Akiho: “Don't worry about it. I've watched pretty much every mecha anime in history. I've got a feel for this.”
Akiho: “When I switch the power on in the cockpit, I'll even say, ‘Look at that, it's on.’ Hehe.”
Kaito: “That's not the problem. What if there's an accident?”
Akiho: “There won't be an accident.”
Kaito: “Oh, and if you climb the rope ladder dressed like that, everyone'll see your panties.”
Akiho: “Wha?!”
Akiho hurriedly lets go of the rope ladder and holds down her skirt.
Akiho: “I didn't think of that...”
Akiho: “I need to change into my work clothes.”
She seriously still intends on piloting this thing after what I said?
Kaito: “Hahh...”
Kaito: “Fine. Whatever. I'll do it.”
Akiho: “Wait, but...”
Kaito: “I don't want to, but better me than you.”
Kaito: “If I die, I want to be cremated with my PokeCom and Kill-Ballad.”
Akiho: “You won't die. GunBuild-1 will walk just fine.”
Kaito: “Whatever you say...”
There's nothing less trustworthy than the words that come out of Akiho's mouth.
Kaito: “By the way, got any candy?”
Akiho: “Candy?”
Akiho: “Oh, yeah, I do!”
Akiho takes out a piece of Space Candy from her skirt pocket.
Akiho: “I secretly took one from the VIP seat earlier.”
Akiho hands me the candy.
Kaito: “I'll pay you back later.”
Akiho: “Also, take this. The starter key.”
She hands me what looks like a car key.
Akiho: “Go get 'em, Kai. Make GunBuild-1 walk.”
All I'm going to do is press a few buttons. I'm not doing much.
I sigh, then grab hold of the rope ladder.
After a struggle, I manage to get up the ladder and tumble into the cockpit.
Kaito: “Geez, it's hot in here.”
I used every bit of my stamina to climb that ladder, and I'm soaked in sweat. Now I gotta deal with this heat.
It's like a goddamn steam bath in here.
The cockpit is a cylindrical shape, so it's like I'm in a drum can that's been left out under the blazing sun.
Of course it'd be hot.
I can feel the sweat beading up on my forehead.
It drips down and stains the area below my feet.
But the heat isn't the only problem.
It feels like the wind is shaking the whole machine.
I recall the terror of climbing that metal tower about 10 days back, and I get goosebumps despite the heat.
Sure does seem like I've been in all sorts of high spots lately.
Good grief, I'm sick of this...
My first priority is to control my breathing.
I wouldn't want to have another attack in a situation like this.
I then take a second look around the cockpit.
The interior is simple. There's a car seat installed right in the center.
There's also a viewing window, a keyhole, and the two buttons that Akiho told me about.
The psychological pressure is insane.
I can't even stand up straight in the cockpit.
I need to bend over a little, or my head my head hit the ceiling.
Huh?
I got a little nervous from the sudden sound, but it's just my PokeCom getting a call.
Kaito: “Answer call.”
Akiho: “Kai, how's it going?”
Kaito: “It's hot...”
Akiho: “Maybe I should have installed a fan. I'll look into it for next time.”
Kaito: “This isn't something a fan can fix.”
Akiho: “Make sure to fasten your seatbelt.”
By seatbelt, she means the four-point harness.
I sit securely in the seat, and the viewport is in the perfect position. I can see straight outside.
I can also just barely see in front of GunBuild-1's feet. I wish I could see the tips of its feet, though.
Akiho: “Let me go over the console with you.”
Akiho: “From the left side, there's the starter keyhole, the walk button, and the turn button.”
Akiho: “That's all.”
Kaito: “Simple enough.”
Akiho: “If you put the key I gave you into the keyhole and turn it, it'll start the engine.”
Akiho: “You'll only move while you're pressing the walk button or the turn button.”
Akiho: “Let them go to stop.”
Akiho: “If you feel like something's off, either stop movement or cut the power.”
Kaito: “C'mon, now. I'd appreciate it if you didn't say scary stuff like that, thanks.”
Akiho: “Sorry...”
Kaito: “Let's just get started. I'm about to be steamed alive.”
Good grief.
Didn't I tell myself I'd never ride in this thing? How'd I get here?
I know I made a promise. I'm being relied on.
But having to shave time off my own life for that? I sure got the raw end of the deal on this one.
Akiho: “Anyway, leave the call connected.”
Akiho: “Start up the engine at my signal.”
I put the piece of Space Candy I received earlier into my mouth.
And stick the key into the keyhole.
Akiho: “All right everyone, we'll now be starting up GunBuild-1!”
I hear Akiho shouting on the megaphone outside.
Akiho: “Beginning countdown! Three, two, one!”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1, activate!”
Timed to her voice, I turn the key.
This thing's powered by a diesel engine.
I heard they reused one from a truck.
According to Akiho, it's almost 30 years old.
Geez, the sound and vibration are nuts.
The engine is right under the cockpit to boot.
Akiho: “!@#*!#*(!@!”
Akiho: “!**^@%!@!!!”
Akiho's saying something, but I can't hear her due to the engine noise.
Kaito: “Huh?! What did you say?!”
Akiho: “Countdown!”
Akiho: “Walk!”
I'm just barely able to make out her voice.
I guess we're going right into the walking test.
I stick my thumb up at the PokeCom screen to give a sign of acknowledgement.
This thing's not gonna topple over... right?
Subaru pointed out the possibility in painful detail.
Fortunately, if it toppled over here, the audience is a ways away, so there wouldn't be any casualties.
Though I doubt I'd make it out in one piece.
The upper body is pretty much papier mâché.
There are no safety features like shock absorbers.
I'm basically inside a drum can mounted on top of moving legs.
If it fell over at full force, wouldn't the cockpit be crushed with me inside? That'd be the end of my story.
Kaito: “Shit, it's so noisy!”
The engine is annoyingly loud.
If you feel like something's off, cut the power.
I want to do that right this instant.
But since I'm already inside, I might as well see this through to the end.
By my estimates, it's 2:8 in favor of my loss.
But even with those odds, sometimes you gotta fight.
Argh! If I die here, I swear to god I'm haunting Akiho!
Akiho: “Countdown!”
I gulp loudly.
Akiho: “Three!”
I take several deep breaths in an attempt to force myself to calm down.
It doesn't work. My heartrate is skyrocketing.
Akiho: “Two!”
I put my right thumb over the walk button.
Akiho: “One!”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1, launch!”
I press the walk button.
The engine starts to roar!
GunBuild-1's entire body jolts.
C'mon, you hunk of junk! Take a step!
Kaito: “Whoa, what's that?!”
A loud noise bellows from beneath my feet.
The shaking starts slowly, then grows more and more intense.
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!
The fact that I can't see what's happening is terrifying!
Kaito: “Aki-chan, what's going on?!”
Akiho: “Everything's okay!”
Kaito: “But this noise is crazy!”
Akiho: “It's fine!”
Kaito: “It doesn't sound fine!”
Kaito: “Are you trying to kill me?!”
I desperately want to cut the power.
Cut it and then immediately crawl outta this metal coffin.
Kaito: “Ghhh!”
I clench my teeth hard.
Kaito: “Is this thing really walking?!”
As I fight off the intense fear assaulting me, I keep my trembling thumb down on the walk button.
