The normally-deserted field is packed full of people today.
It's like the entirety of Nakatane is gathered here.
Junna: “There are so many people here this year.”
Jun is beaming more than usual, and there's a bit of a hop to her step.
She's pretty quiet during club as she watches me work, but I guess she likes a good festival as much as anyone else.
Today is the Yoira~Iki Festival.
Yoira~Iki means “Let's all work together” in Tanegashima dialect. Apparently. I've def never used it.
But I guess it suits us perfectly.
Akiho: “Robotics Club, Yoira~Iki!”
Subaru: “Did you bring us here just so you could say that?”
Akiho: “What's your beef? We came all the way here so we could deepen our bonds, right? C'mon!”
The festival is held at the Central Athletic Park, aka Taiyo-no-Sato, located near our school.
It's close enough that we can actually see the fireworks from the old airport, so I got everyone together.
Akiho: “But maaaan, why did Frau Bow have to be absent today?!”
I wanna ruffle Kai's hair like I always do when I call him a big jerk, but he's MIA, so I ruffle my own.
Akiho: “Also, where's Kai? I can't see him anywhere either.”
Junna: “Yashio-kun, um, went to the hotel to invite Koujiro-san.”
Junna: “So, um, he's not here yet.”
Akiho: “Oh, right. I wonder if he's having a hard time convincing her to come out.”
Akiho: “Maybe people from Tokyo aren't into festivals like this...”
That kinda makes me a little sad. I've heard all about Frau Bow.
How she moved here by herself, hasn't tried to make friends, and hasn't been to school since the second day.
Maybe as a Tokyo girl, she doesn't even want to come near us country bumpkins.
Subaru: “It's probably a fundamental issue with her character.”
Subaru: “Furugoori is obviously the type that struggles with communicating with others.”
Akiho: “In that case, why don't we try to help her out? She's one of us.”
Subaru: “Furugoori seems fond of Yashio-senpai, so we should just leave it to him.”
Akiho: “Wha...?”
Frau Bow's fond of Kai?
Is it because they're both into fighting games?
Akiho: “Hm, lemme try giving him a call.”
And of course, no matter how many times I ring him up, he doesn't answer.
What am I doing?
Subaru: “Anyway, can I go home now?”
Subaru: “I'm not into this sort of mingling.”
Subaru then turns the other way and attempts to walk in the reverse direction of the crowd.
Akiho: “Jun, don't let Subaru go!”
Junna: “Huh? Wha? Uh, eh?”
Jun freaks out and does her best to grab onto Subaru's arm.
Subaru: “Wh-What are nyuu doing?”
Junna: “S-Sorry, I, um...”
Subaru: “You don't have to apologize, jush let go of mwee.”
Junna: “Uhh, but, uh, Akiho-chan told me to um, g-grab you, so...”
Akiho: “Why are you both freaking out?”
Subaru awkwardly pulls himself away from Jun's arms and finally catches his breath.
Subaru: “There's no reason for me to be here, right? Stop meddling so much, Prez.”
Subaru: “And you too, Daitoku-senpai. You don't have to do every little thing she tells you to.”
Junna: “I-I'm sorry...”
Akiho: “Jun, there's seriously no need for you to be that polite to your underclassmen.”
Akiho: “It's okay for you to act tough.”
Junna: “I know, but...”
Junna: “Hidaka-kun is way more mature than I am.”
Subaru once again attempts to flee mid-conversation.
Akiho: “Argh!”
This time I'm the one grabbing Subaru's arm.
Subaru: “Wh-What is it?”
Akiho: “I told you! We're here to deepen our bonds with our fellow club members!”
Subaru: “I'm a ghost as far as this club is concerned, so it all works out.”
Akiho: “But wouldn't this make for the perfect alibi?”
Subaru: “Alibi?”
Akiho: “You can tell your dad that the reason you were out today was because you were with friends at the festival, right?”
Subaru: “...I see.”
Looks like that worked.
Akiho: “How about I buy you a mask?”
The stall selling masks catches my interest, so I decide to pick one out.
Subaru: “Why a mask?”
Akiho: “Hey, Jun, which one should I get for him?”
Junna: “Uh, um, hmm...”
Akiho: “Oh, how about this? P-man!”
Akiho: “Or what about this Upa mask?”
Junna: “What about this red ranger?”
Akiho: “Oooh, this is from Fuzakenger! Man, this totally brings me back!”
Akiho: “Let's go with this one!”
I immediately purchase it and hand it to Subaru as a gift.
Akiho: “This is a precious gift from your president, so take good care of it. These things don't come cheap.”
Since I'm not getting an allowance anymore, nor do I have New Year's money, this blew a hole in my wallet.
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “Come on, wear it!”
Subaru: “Absolutely not.”
Akiho: “But it's a present!”
Subaru: “Never. Not going to happen.”
Subaru: “I'll accept it strictly for use as evidence for my alibi.”
Akiho: “You're very frank. I don't appreciate it.”
Inside the athletic ground, next to the booths, a special stage is set up. There, participants are aloha dancing and Yoira~Iki dancing.
People have laid down sheets to prepare for the fireworks show.
And of course, there are tons of people wearing yukatas and happis.
Akiho: “I missed my chance to wear a yukata again...”
I recall saying something similar when I came last year with Kai.
Junna: “I wore one last year.”
Junna: “I used to come every year with my little brothers.”
Akiho: “Hoh, you have brothers?”
Junna: “Yup! Three of them.”
That many?!
Junna: “I bet they're all here this year too.”
Junna: “They should be around somewhere.”
Akiho: “Introduce them to me!”
Junna: “Huh, er, but they're all kinda troublemakers.”
Junna: “They'll probably make a sandbag out of you. They're much stronger at karate than I am.”
Akiho: “Th-They sound pretty aggressive.”
I force out a laugh and look down at my PokeCom.
Kai still hasn't responded.
My house is in Minamitane, so up until junior high, coming to this festival was a bit of an adventure.
Kai and I rode our bikes all the way over. Then once we bought the one thing we wanted from the festival, we'd leave.
After we got into high school, we'd swing by on the way home from school.
My freshman year, I came here with Kai and our senpai in the Robotics Club.
Last year, it was just me and Kai.
Now that I think about it, I guess Kai was always with me when I came here.
I don't have many memories of coming to the festival with Big Sis.
Though we did go to the Rocket Festival in Minamitane once. We both wore yukata and everything.
Junna: “Want some, Akiho-chan?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Jun's holding out some steaming hot takoyaki.
Akiho: “When did you get that?!”
Junna: “Ah, um, sorry. I love takoyaki, so I couldn't help myself...”
Akiho: “They look amazing!”
I decide to have one.
I poke one with a toothpick and throw the whole ball into my mouth.
Akiho: “Huff, huff.”
Junna: “Um, you can have one too, Hidaka-kun.”
Subaru: “Thanks.”
Akiho: “Ngh.”
I burned my mouth...
Akiho: “You know, you're pretty blunt with Jun, Subaru.”
Subaru: “Pfffh... pfffh...”
Subaru blows on his takoyaki repeatedly in an effort to cool it down.
Subaru: “Pfffh... pfffh... pfffh...”
Akiho: “Sensitive tongue?”
Subaru: “Is that a problem?”
Subaru: “Pfffh... pfffh....”
He's so focused... I should leave him be.
I glance around aimlessly.
Just ahead of us, I spot a familiar face.
Akiho: “Oh, Mitchie... Wha?!”
Junna: “What's up?”
Akiho: “Keep your head down.”
I lower my head to hide myself within the crowd.
Akiho: “Isn't that Tennouji-san from JAXA over there with Mitchie?”
Junna: “Wow, you're right.”
Akiho: “I wonder why they're together.”
Akiho: “And look at him! He's totally head over heels. His jaw is basically on the floor.”
Akiho: “I mean, he's usually pretty slack-jawed to begin with, but this is bad even for him.”
Junna: “Pft.”
Akiho: “What's wrong?”
Junna: “It's just, the image is too much for me.”
Akiho: “He looks silly, right?”
Junna: “Ah, but I shouldn't laugh...”
Akiho: “No worries. You don't have to be polite with that guy.”
Mitchie and Tennouji-san seem to be enjoying their conversation as they follow the flow of the crowd.
From afar, they look like a bona fide couple.
Akiho: “Something smells fishy...”
Akiho: “Mitchie wasn't even there when we were kidnapped the other day.”
Akiho: “So, they shouldn't already know each other.”
Akiho: “Or wait, is Tennouji-san trying to win us over by getting to our supervisor first?”
Junna: “Wh-Whaat? I-I wonder...?”
Akiho: “What do you think, Subaru?”
Subaru: “Pfffh... pfffh... pfffh...”
He's still blowing on his takoyaki?!
All right, whatever, I'm seriously just gonna leave him be.
Akiho: “This is bad news.”
Akiho: “If Tennouji-san makes a move on him, I'm sure Mitchie will be the first to fall for it!”
Junna: “H-He will? I don't, um, really know Nagafukada-sensei very well, so I don't know...”
Akiho: “There's no doubt!”
Akiho: “But wait, it's possible that he doesn't even realize he's being seduced...”
Akiho: “Though going by his face, he might as well be drooling.”
Akiho: “She's trying to pull the spine out of our supervisor to stop us from continuing our work on GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “I have to admit, I've never seen a JAXA lady like her before!”
Junna: “...?”
We continue to watch the pair, who are now sharing a five-pack of yakitori.
Akiho: “Crap...”
Akiho: “At this rate, Mitchie's done for!”
Junna: “But, um, I don't think we should...”
Akiho: “Eat before you get eaten.”
Junna: “Huh?”
I turn around to check on my partners in crime.
Junna remains hesitant.
Subaru has finally tossed the takoyaki into his mouth, but it's still too hot for him. He's holding back tears.
These two aren't gonna be much help.
Akiho: “I'm going to have to step up!”
Mitchie and Tennouji-san are both offering each other their last yakitori kebob.
When it comes to romcoms, this is always the big fateful moment!
They both reach for the kebob at the same time, and their hands inadvertently touch, causing them to blush!
I must put an end to this charade!
Akiho: “That yakitori is a NO-GOOOOO!”
I confidently march in front of the pair, quickly snatch away the last skewer of yakitori, and stuff it into my mouth.
Gizzards.
Nae: “Oh, you guys came too?”
Mitsuhiko: “Well if it ain't Little Senomiya. You're quite the glutton. Did you want gizzards that badly?”
Mitsuhiko: “But y'know, stealing other folks' food is no good. Depending on the person, you could have the cops called on you.”
Mitsuhiko: “Also, there's an old proverb. Food grudges run thicker than blood. Pro tip.”
That's not a pro tip, it's just common sense.
Oh, and gizzards are pretty tasty.
Akiho: “Crisis averted. I was right to call a no-go on that.”
Akiho: “By the way, how do you two know each other?”
Nae: “I went to the school earlier to introduce myself. I heard he'd be there today.”
Nae: “And I figured I might as well have him show me around the festival while I'm here.”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen, Little Senomiya. When you're an adult, there's something called social drinking. Got it?”
Now that he's right in front of me, I can tell that Mitchie reeks of booze.
Mitsuhiko: “If I show Tennouji-san a good time today, the good karma'll loop back around to the Robotics Club.”
Says Mitchie as he makes a ring with his thumb and index finger.
I guess he's talking about money.
Mitsuhiko: “It makes a huge difference! Leave it to me, Little Senomiya! I'll show her one helluva good time! Wahahaha!”
He's sloshed.
I'm starting to think he just wanted an excuse to drink.
Not to mention, I'm pretty sure he can't hold his liquor. Like, at all.
He'll probably drink himself into oblivion before she can ever seduce him.
Akiho: “Tennouji-san, you really don't have to stick with this drunkard.”
Nae: “Oh, I don't mind at all! He's a fascinating teacher.”
I can't believe she can keep a smile on her face after being dragged around by this drunk.
Tennouji-san might actually be really sweet.
But then again, I get the feeling that her eyes aren't laughing...
Akiho: “Ah...”
Junna: “Wow, fireworks!”
The bright lights bloom in the night sky.
Nae: “How beautiful.”
Nae: “Because of the aurora, I feel like the fireworks don't stand out all that well, but...”
Nae: “It looks like the fireworks are burning up the night sky.”
Akiho: “...”
They're so intense that it's like they're engulfing the entire sky.
The sounds of their explosions reverberate all the way to the core of my stomach.
After looking up at the fireworks for a moment, I glance down at the screen of my PokeCom again.
And just as I expected, no response from Kai.
I try calling him again, but no luck.
Akiho: “Did he ditch us?”
Akiho: “Gosh... you're always living in your own little world.”
Or maybe he's still trying to convince Frau Bow to come out.
I doubt she'd enjoy this sorta thing anyway, so he should just give up and meet up with us.
We always used to watch the fireworks together, so it's a little lonely without him next to me.
I wonder why.
It's not just the two of us this year. Jun and Subaru are here, too.
I have more friends, and yet somehow, deep down, I still feel lonely.
