With our shopping at the convenience store finished, we return to the hangar after about 30 minutes.
Even now, the workers seem irritated.
Kaito: “All right, Jun-chan. Shout like you're doing a kata at a tournament, but cutely.”
Junna: “U-Um, but...”
Kaito: “Look, stuff like this calls for a girl's touch. Heck, they use a woman's voice for Tokyo train announcements.”
Kaito: “Go on, say it loud and proud!”
I give Junna an encouraging pat on the back.
Her little body staggers a little, but she immediately straightens up.
Junna: “E-Everyone working!”
Junna: “We brought snacks and drinks!”
While Junna shouts, I lay out a host of snacks and drinks on the table.
This all cost just under 3,000 yen. Painful for a high schooler's wallet.
I'll bill Mr. Sumio for it later.
Junna: “E-Everyone, please take a little break!”
The savage atmosphere surrounding the robot suddenly dissipates thanks to Junna's announcement.
The workers immediately stop what they're doing and gather around the table.
Junna starts handing soft drinks to everyone.
The stiff smile on her face is kinda charming in its own way.
I take the chance to head over to where Akiho is.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, you doing okay?”
Akiho: “Oh, Kai...”
Fujita: “...”
Kaito: “Hoh, well if it ain't the Doc.”
Looks like he was in the middle of a lecture.
Fujita: “Oh, the escort, eh?”
Doc only ever calls me her ‘escort.’
Not that I really want him calling me by my name anyway.
Fujita: “The Robotics Club here is terrible at giving out orders.”
If it's not clear, when he said Robotics Club, he was referring to Akiho specifically.
In fact, I think he's called every Robotics Club president that.
Fujita: “How about lending a hand instead of watching from a distance, Escort.”
Kaito: “You are oh-so-very right.”
Kaito: “So, Aki-chan. Let's decide on what to do while the workers are having their break.”
Akiho: “Yeah, sorry. I know I'm not great at this...”
I try asking Akiho about what work remains.
Apparently, the waist's bolt connection is complete.
The batteries, radiator, and the like are loaded in. The cockpit switches and wiring are the biggest problems left.
Oh, and the sticker for the Space Candy Company. We also gotta wrap the robot in crane wires to stand it up.
Kaito: “Just let Mr. Sumio put the sticker wherever he wants.”
Akiho: “I can't do that. It wouldn't look cool if there was a sticker right in the middle of the chest.”
Kaito: “Then it'd be faster if you proposed a different place for it.”
Kaito: “Look, I'll take care of that. Just don't complain about it later.”
Akiho: “Okay...”
Kaito: “Anything else?”
Akiho: “Um...”
Akiho thinks a little.
Akiho: “Oh right, the scarf!”
Kaito: “Ah, the one Jun-chan made?”
Gunvarrel's iconic, long scarf.
It's in the hangar, ready to go.
Akiho: “We need to wrap it around GunBuild-1's neck before we stand it up.”
Kaito: “Let's have Jun-chan handle that.”
And just like this, we check the remaining steps, one by one.
