I get the feeling things have gotten hotter since the typhoon passed through.
I wipe the sweat off of my cheeks and sit in the middle of the runway.
Akiho should be in the middle of building her robot in the hangar. Supposedly.
I didn't hear the details of what she'd be working on specifically, but yeah.
Either way, I'm going to be staying far away from all of that. Akiho and Subaru can handle it.
My back is still sore from my metal tower adventure, so I'd have preferred stay home and play KB.
But I still have to read Kimijima Report No. 2. Since yesterday, I've had mixed feelings about it...
I want to read it, but there's a part of me that'd prefer to stay ignorant.
Kaito: “Fine, fine. I'll read it.”
I make sure to confirm that nobody is around before turning my PokeCom on.
Kaito: “...”
My throat is bone-dry.
I gulp in an attempt to relieve the pain.
The Committee of 300.
The Tavistock Institute.
The Human Domestication Project.
All of this nonsensical, conspiracy theory mumbo jumbo means nothing to me. It's totally unrealistic.
I can't say I'm remotely interested in any of it.
...But there is one particular bit here that draws my attention.
Kagome Kagome.
Those words popped up randomly in the middle of this mess.
And it's because of them that I can't just dismiss this report as some kind of delusional conspiracy.
I literally just heard that nursery rhyme the day before yesterday.
And that creepy room on the first floor of the community center. There was a cassette there with “Kagome Kagome” recorded on it.
It's as if the Kimijima Kou of 10 years ago is reading my mind.
Kaito: “What in the world...”
What the hell is up with Kagome Kagome?
Did the Committee of 300 put pressure on worldwide PokeCom distributors so they would preinstall that ringtone?
And then they went through all the trouble of making that weird call at once?
Pretty tame as far as propaganda goes, and I certainly don't feel like I've been brainwashed.
What exactly is the perpetrators' goal?
Kaito: “Jun-chan seemed familiar with Kagome Kagome...”
Plus, Airi, or I guess Sister Centipede, is supposedly a bot that auto-searches for the term “Committee of 300.”
Kaito: “Airi-chan, you there?”
There's a slight delay between when I call for her and when she appears.
Airi: “Hiii!”
Airi: “Would you like to hear the weather forecast?”
Kaito: “Not really.”
Airi: “Oh, okay...”
It's honestly kind of weird that she responds to me so quickly.
Does that mean she's always wandering around nearby?
She can move about freely within a 109.3 meter radius of my PokeCom, so it'd be nice if she ventured out a bit.
I guess it's not like she's physically close or far. Maybe she can reply quickly regardless of where she is.
At any rate, as long as I don't have ‘IRUO.’ running, she won't talk to me, so it's not that bad.
I tap on Airi to summon Sister Centipede.
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede mode.”
Kaito: “Tell me about the Committee of 300.”
Sister Centipede: “Error.”
Sister Centipede: “You do not have permission to access this information.”
I hit her straight on with a question, but she immediately shoots me down.
Sister Centipede: “Please seek permission from Master in order to access this information.”
Kaito: “Master isn't around anymore.”
Sister Centipede: “Only PhoneDroids that obtain login permission may access this information.”
Kaito: “So, you're not gonna tell me anything?”
Sister Centipede: “The Committee of 300 and their true nature is shrouded in mystery.”
Sister Centipede: “Even Sister Centipede does not have a complete understanding of them.”
Kaito: “Do you know who the members are?”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede predicts that there is a high turnover rate among the lower-ranking positions.”
Sister Centipede: “However, it is possible that this is incorrect due to the fact that there are too many self-proclaimed members.”
Kaito: “There are that many people calling themselves Committee members?”
Sister Centipede: “Worldwide. As many as there are stars.”
Kaito: “Do you know exactly who those people are?”
Sister Centipede: “Please seek permission from Master in order to access further information on this matter.”
Kaito: “I can't even get to the essentials...”
I've got nothing to go on here.
Kaito: “You know, I've been thinking. You're pretty useless, Sister Centipede.”
Sister Centipede: “I apologize. However, Sister Centipede prioritizes Master's instructions over being useful to you, Yashio-san.”
Is that right.
Sister Centipede: “Closing Sister Centipede.”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “Big Brother, where are you going after this?”
Kaito: “How about you go for a walk?”
After casually brushing off Airi, I close ‘IRUO.’
If I can't get anything useful out of Sister Centipede...
I'll consult with our resident urban legend maniac. I'm just gonna make sure to keep the reports on the hush.
Unfortunately, said expert, Junna, is nowhere to be found.
She's usually on the runway practicing a kata or whatever.
Is she in the hangar?
I'll give her a ring.
Kaito: “Call Daitoku Junna.”
Junna: “Yashio-kun? What's up?”
Kaito: “Where are you?”
Junna: “The garage.”
Akiho: “It's a hangar, not a garage!”
Junna: “Oh, yeah, sorry.”
Junna: “Um, I'm in the hangar.”
Kaito: “I'm on the runway. Can you come out here for a sec?”
Kaito: “Or are you busy?”
Junna: “Um, kinda...”
Oh? Did Akiho finally give Junna a job to do?
Akiho: “Kai? If you wanna talk, come over here. We're not far away.”
Kaito: “Eh, I'm good. Just come out when you're free. I'll be waiting.”
Akiho's not wrong, but I don't want the others hearing our conversation.
After about 15 minutes, Junna comes jogging out to the runway.
Junna: “Sorry about that!”
Junna: “It's pretty rare to see you, um, not playing video games.”
Kaito: “Right? If it were up to me, I'd just play games all day.”
Kaito: “Is it okay for you to be out here?”
Junna: “Yeah, I'm all right now.”
Kaito: “What were you doing?”
Junna: “Um, making a scarf.”
Kaito: “A scarf? In the middle of the scorching hot summer?”
Kaito: “Oh, I get it. This is like how Misa-nee would wear scarves in the summer.”
When Misa-nee was a high schooler, there was a fad where people would wear scarves in the summer and then ride scooters with them.
Misa-nee said it got popular because it was cute. Whatever that means.
Kaito: “Trying to bring back the old fad?”
Junna: “Oh, no... it's a scarf for Model 1-kun.”
Kaito: “Ah, that.”
Gunvarrel's long scarf is iconic. Or is it actually a pair of wings? Something else entirely? I have no clue.
Akiho mentioned a while back that she wasn't sure if we had the budget for a scarf, but I guess it worked out.
Kaito: “Doesn't it have to be huge?”
Junna: “Yeah, we have to stitch together a bunch of big cloths.”
Junna: “I'm in charge of that.”
Kaito: “Huh. I didn't think you'd be any good at that kinda work, since you're the sporty type and all.”
Junna: “I wouldn't say that...”
Junna: “I'm the only girl in the household, so I do chores like this all the time.”
Junna: “I'm actually pretty good at sewing.”
That's surprising.
Either way, I'm glad she has something to do now.
She had an abundance of free time before.
Junna: “So uh, um, what did you want to talk about?”
Kaito: “Oh, yeah. I wanted you to tell me more about Kagome Kagome.”
Junna immediately seems to understand what I'm getting at.
Her cheeks are looking a little flushed.
Junna: “This is about the incident from the other day, right?”
Junna: “It really surprised me too!”
Junna: “Even on the news, they're saying they have no idea what caused it.”
Kaito: “You talked about the whole Kagome Kagome thing before the mass call, remember?”
Junna: “The one where the lyrics to the song are all sent out simultaneously... kind of like an earthquake warning?”
Junna: “Even that event is still shrouded in mystery.”
Kaito: “Why Kagome Kagome?”
Junna: “Well, um... for example...”
Junna: “The ‘Kago’ in Kagome means ‘cage’ in Japanese, and the ‘me’ means ‘eye.’ So together they mean ‘eye of the cage.’”
Junna: “There's a theory going around that says that Kagome Kagome is, um, referring to a certain hexagram.”
Kaito: “A certain hexagram?”
Junna: “Yeah. The Star of David.”
Junna: “Another related theory is that Kagome Kagome is actually a cipher created by the Illuminati.”
Kaito: “Illuminati...?”
Junna: “It's a secret society that existed over 200 years ago...”
Kaito: “Are they bad guys?”
Junna: “In conspiracy theories, they're often referred to as the hidden masterminds behind everything, but nobody knows the details.”
Kaito: “Do you think the Illuminati and Kagome Kagome are related? What's your opinion as an urban legend expert, Jun-chan?”
Junna: “Well, they're all just urban legends, so...”
Junna: “Um, I don't think there's much credibility to any of them.”
Junna: “S-Sorry for talking about theories I'm not even confident about...”
Considering Kagome Kagome is a Japanese nursery rhyme, trying to connect it to the Illuminati is a reach, so I don't blame her for backing off.
Kaito: “Then how about the Committee of 300?”
Junna: “The Committee of 300...”
It looks like something's clicked.
Junna: “I've heard of it before.”
Kaito: “Really? Like where?”
Junna: “Um, I don't really know the details, but...”
Junna: “Remember the earthquake that happened in Shibuya 10 years ago?”
Kaito: “...!”
Shibuya.
Shibuya was mentioned by name in Report No. 2.
Is this just a coincidence?
Kaito: “You mean the Shibuya Earthquake...?”
Junna: “Yeah.”
Whenever people talk about it, they always have to bring up the various conspiracy theories around it.
I get why.
Everything about it was strange.
Shibuya was devastated, but everything surrounding it was completely fine.
It was almost like it was specifically directed at Shibuya, and only Shibuya, which is impossible for an earthquake.
Junna: “There are rumors that, um, maybe the earthquake wasn't a natural disaster. Tons of theories, really.”
Kaito: “Like what? That it was man-made?”
Junna: “...”
Junna: “A black hole bomb, an earthquake weapon, an attack using electromagnetic waves, or that the chaos was camouflage for something else going on...”
Junna: “People on the net were saying that the Committee of 300 was pulling the strings...”
Kaito: “Pulling the strings, huh...”
Sounds like a lazy way of explaining things.
People love pretending that there's some super secret society pulling the strings of the world.
It's an easy scapegoat for whenever something happens.
As long as there are bad guys out there that they can blame, people don't have to think too hard about anything.
But what Junna was saying does match up with the Kimijima Reports.
Kaito: “Do you know anything about the Tavistock Institute?”
Junna: “Huh? Um...”
Junna: “No, I don't think I've ever heard of it.”
Kaito: “Huh, I figured you might know something.”
Junna: “You give me too much credit, Yashio-kun...”
Junna: “To be honest, I don't actually know that much about conspiracy theories.”
Kaito: “On the contrary. I think you know plenty.”
Hell, she gave me more to work with than Airi did.
Junna: “Oh, um, why the sudden interest?”
Junna: “Is this about the Kimijima Report? Did you find a second one or something?”
Well, aren't you sharp?
Either that or I'm way too obvious.
Kaito: “If you want to know the details, you'll have to beat me in a match.”
Junna: “S-So, you're not gonna tell me...?”
Kaito: “Were you curious?”
Junna: “A little...”
Junna: “Kagome Kagome is something we've all experienced, so yeah, I'm curious...”
Kaito: “Same thing here. That's why I'm looking into it. That's all.”
Kaito: “Welp, guess I'll go grab a drink.”
This is my way of ending the conversation and making sure Junna can't press any further.
I feel bad leaving her hung out to dry like this, but I really want to avoid mentioning the reports to people if I can.
