Everyone gathered at the airport is rendered speechless.
The roar of a diesel engine reverberates throughout this tranquil landscape.
Along with the shrill scraping sound of metal against asphalt.
The gazes of several hundred people lock in on Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1 as it walks.
The giant robot that Big Senomiya designed nine years ago.
It really is walking.
It's walking, but...
Tanegashima Local D: “It's so slow!”
That kid's voice from the audience isn't the only one.
The speechless crowd gradually starts to make noise.
I look up from my PokeCom recording video and glance around.
A sharp pain runs through my neck.
Crap, I forgot about the awkward position I slept in last night.
I can't turn my head like this, so I have to physically rotate my whole body to look around.
I'm just like a hobby robot or Model-1 over there.
It doesn't turn its body or head. It rotates its entire body.
Tanegashima Local F: “What the heck? Is it actually moving?”
Tanegashima Local E: “I think it is. It's just really slow.”
Tanegashima Local C: “Ahahaha, this is awful.”
Tanegashima Local B: “Go faster!”
Tanegashima Local A: “Are you even trying?!”
Tanegashima Local G: “I mean, this is the Robotics Club after all.”
Tanegashima Local H: “Can you even call that walking?”
The spread of disappointment and mockery is perfectly clear.
Mitsuhiko: “This ain't no good.”
I end up voicing my honest thoughts, too.
Akiho: “It's okay! You won't fall over!”
Akiho: “I believe in you!”
Akiho: “Show them that machine specs aren't the deciding factor in battle!”
Little Senomiya is shouting over and over at her PokeCom with Yashio onscreen.
It's slow.
It's just way too slow.
If I were to liken it to an animal, it'd be like a sloth, or maybe a snail.
I let out a yawn. I'm getting sleepy just watching it.
Model-1's movement is too sluggish.
I think about two minutes have passed since it started to move its left leg forward...
It hasn't even advanced one meter.
How many minutes does it take to finish a single step?
Even an old granny in the audience with a twisted hip could walk faster.
Plus, Model-1 isn't even lifting its leg.
No matter how you slice it, it's not walking; it's dragging its leg.
And because of that, the bottom of its foot is scraping against the asphalt, making a horrible noise.
Then, Model-1 stops moving.
It comes to a standstill with its left leg forward.
Instead, the right leg now slowly starts to move.
Mitsuhiko: “I guess it finally finished a step.”
It took over two minutes to go from standing to taking one step. It's gonna take about four minutes for the next.
It really is slow. Too slow.
Mitsuhiko: “The motors must not be powerful enough.”
Even an amateur like me can tell.
Akiho: “We knew that from the start. Doc said as much.”
Little Senomiya doesn't avert her eyes, watching over Model-1 as it moves.
Akiho: “But that's the limit of our budget.”
Akiho: “The durability of the materials, the strength of the magnets... This is the best we could do.”
Mitsuhiko: “So, it can't go faster?”
Akiho: “It... doesn't have that functionality.”
Akiho: “C'mon, Mitchie! You gotta be amazed, right?”
Akiho: “It's actually walking! Even if it's really slow, it's walking!”
Akiho: “This is really amazin—”
Mitsuhiko: “If it were still nine years ago.”
Mitsuhiko: “But times have changed. Human history is about continual progress. Pro tip.”
There are videos of high-spec giant robots from all over the world, built and funded by huge corporations.
I know it's wrong to compare them.
But the reality is that everyone expects the same level of quality.
This thing might've been built by high schoolers, but given how slow it is, that doesn't matter. It's boring.
Though it's not like my students are the ones who gathered a crowd. That's on my uncle.
And as expected...
The crowd that was holding its breath at the start has now grown bored. They all begin looking away from Model-1.
Some people have even started packing their things.
Tanegashima Local I: “Daaad, I'm bored.”
Tanegashima Local E: “Man, I was all hyped for nothing.”
Tanegashima Local A: “Heeey, move it faster! How long is it gonna stand there?!”
Tanegashima Local C: “Did it break? It's not moving anymore.”
Tanegashima Local B: “Psh, like a bunch of high schoolers could ever build a robot! Hahahaha!”
Tanegashima Local H: “They fought with the student council all this time, just for this?”
Tanegashima Local G: “I told you. The Robotics Club ain't nothing.”
Tanegashima Local D: “It's so lame! Shoot a beam! Fly or something!”
Akiho: “...”
I can tell that Little Senomiya is slowly being crushed under the weight of the audience's reactions.
The nine-year dream of the Robotics Club.
All she's gained from seeing it through is laughter and ridicule.
In the last month, the club gained three members and won a ton of prize money from ROBO-ONE.
But this might actually be it.
I always thought the end was near.
Model-1 has been completed.
It's walking, generally speaking.
We got an offer from JAXA, but Little Senomiya turned it down.
Hey, Big Senomiya.
What would you think if you saw that your sister finally reached this moment, after all that hard work?
I still don't understand what you meant on the day we founded the Robotics Club.
I have no idea what to say to my students.
Eight years have gone by since then.
Misaki: “Hey, Mitchie.”
Misaki: “About the whole club president thing... could you do it?”
Mitsuhiko: “What? Why me? That's nuts.”
Mitsuhiko: “You're the one who created the Robotics Research Association, Senomiya. And you pretty much won ROBO-ONE alone.”
Mitsuhiko: “That's the only reason we became an actual club. You should be the one leading it.”
Mitsuhiko: “Plus, I'm also in the Judo Club.”
Mitsuhiko: “And heck, I don't know jack about robot design.”
Misaki: “I know. But still, can you do it?”
Misaki: “Yuuichi already turned me down.”
Mitsuhiko: “Why?”
Misaki: “The same reason as you. He said I should do it.”
Mitsuhiko: “Duh. You were the one-woman wrecking crew behind the Robotics Association.”
Mitsuhiko: “Nothing would have happened without you.”
Misaki: “But I don't intend on joining the Robotics Club.”
Mitsuhiko: “WHAT?! What are you talking about?! You worked so hard for this!”
Mitsuhiko: “You've been acting weird these last few months. You're always spacing out, and you never hang anymore.”
Mitsuhiko: “If you need someone to talk to, my ears are open. Heck, it doesn't even have to be me. You've got Irei and Sayama, too.”
Misaki: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “You were so passionate about robots. Almost enough to creep us out.”
Mitsuhiko: “Wasn't it your dream to build a giant robot?”
Misaki: “Hehe. I've never seen you get so worked up, Mitchie.”
Misaki: “You might actually make a good leader.”
Mitsuhiko: “Really?”
Misaki: “I haven't given up on my passion or my dreams.”
Misaki: “In fact, compared to a year ago... my passion's only gotten stronger.”
Misaki: “But...”
Misaki: “At this rate, my dreams are going to be corrupted...”
Mitsuhiko: “What's that supposed to mean? Tell me in a way I'd understand.”
Misaki: “Right. I'll get straight to the point.”
Misaki: “I'm fine with just being an advisor.”
Misaki: “I'll offer you guys everything I can, in a technical sense.”
Misaki: “With you at the center, I want you guys to make use of my knowledge.”
Mitsuhiko: “You're such a pain in the ass.”
Misaki: “I know...”
Misaki: “But I have to do this if I'm ever going to work through my feelings.”
Mitsuhiko: “Is that so...?”
Misaki: “Mitchie, take care of the Robotics Club for me, okay?”
Mitsuhiko: “Are you telling me to quit the Judo Club? What do I get in return?”
Misaki: “A free rice ball a day from Mizu's store, from today until graduation in two years.”
Mitsuhiko: “Deal!”
Misaki: “Hehe, I knew I could count on you, Mitchie.”
Misaki: “Once we're officially made into a club, I'll be having you guys start on the giant robot, so be ready.”
Misaki: “I'm drawing up the blueprints right now.”
Mitsuhiko: “You're acting like a president. I can already see myself just being your errand boy in the future.”
Misaki: “I'll train you well, so you best work hard.”
Misaki: “Let me teach you a favorite saying of mine, First President Mitchie.”
Misaki: “‘I am the master of my fate.’”
Misaki: “‘I am the captain of my soul.’”
I'm snapped back to the present when I hear Model-1's engine start to make noises.
Sounding like it's used the last of its strength, it stops completely.
Akiho: “Kai?! What happened?!”
Akiho: “The engine stopped?! Why?! On its own?!”
Akiho: “No way...”
Mitsuhiko: “It was an old piece-of-junk diesel engine. That's all it had left.”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, it's times like this when you need to do an overhaul. Then it might come back to life. Pro tip.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Good work, Kai... and thanks. You can get out now.”
This is the end for today, I guess.
The audience is going to go home completely disappointed.
Big Senomiya was always a perfectionist. If she saw Model-1 like this, there's no way she'd be pleased.
Can they even do anything to improve this hunk of metal?
If nothing else, I doubt they'll be able to take this thing to the Expo.
Sumio: “Not enough impact!”
Oh crap, I think Sakurajima is about to erupt.
Fine. I'll face Uncle myself.
I may be a teacher, but I'm eternally the Robotics Club's errand boy.
Ugh, my neck still hurts, too.
