At the end of the day, I wasn't able to talk to anyone about the Committee of 300.
It's not all that surprising considering I don't have that many friends to begin with.
I tried to look up the Committee online, but all I found was vague info with sketchy sources and the like.
Kaito: “I'm too on edge...”
I can't focus on KB.
I'm winning, but I'm far from my A-game. I'm even dropping combos.
Before I read the report, I was on a roll this morning.
What should I do?
I considered publishing it online, but that'd just mean more noise to sift through.
I'd probably end up dealing with a bunch of trolls and armchair analysts.
Kaito: “...”
I get an idea, so I decide to write up an email.
Kaito: “Start email app.”
My PokeCom opens up the email composition screen.
Kaito: “Composition complete.”
Kaito: “Send this to Senomiya Misaki, please.”
The message ended up being kinda blunt.
But Misa-nee was always down with that.
Whether it was via email or phone call, Misa-nee was always to the point. It'll be fine.
And as I mentioned in the email, I don't expect her to reply.
So then, why did I even send her a message in the first place?
Kaito: “How many years has it been since the last email I sent Misa-nee...?”
The last one was probably when I told her I joined the Robotics Club with Akiho.
On the flipside, Akiho's apparently been messaging her pretty frequently.
After hearing that she never got any replies, I figured it was a waste of time and just naturally stopped.
But why doesn't Misa-nee at least respond to her own sister?
Is she that busy?
Even with all the work she's up to, it'd only take five minutes to write something up.
Or maybe now that she's in Tokyo, she's completely forgotten about this small island out of time.
Kaito: “Er, a call?”
Kaito: “Huh?”
I glance down at the screen to see who it's from.
Misa-nee?!
I can't believe my eyes.
Kaito: “Connect.”
Misaki: “...”
Kaito: “Misa-nee!”
Misaki: “You've grown up so much since I last saw you, Kai.”
Kaito: “Er, but why...”
Despite my confusion, I can't mask my joy. My face is lit up.
I mean, she's basically my master. She's the rival that I have to beat one day.
How can I not be happy that I'm talking to Misa-nee for the first time in six years?!
Kaito: “L-Long time no speak.”
It feels extremely weird to be talking to Misa-nee, who is some 1,000 kilometers away from here.
Misaki: “I read your email.”
Without so much as a greeting.
She cuts right to the chase.
Kaito: “I literally just sent that to you.”
Kaito: “I thought you didn't read any of our emails.”
Misaki: “I read each and every one of them. Akiho's, too.”
I know Akiho will be thrilled to hear that.
Misaki: “I'm also well aware that you haven't tried to get in contact with me for years now.”
Kaito: “If you were reading them, why didn't you say so? I would've messaged you every day in that case.”
Okay, maybe not every single day.
Kaito: “Anyway, there was something I wanted to ask you about. Are you Tagirin—”
Misaki: “Kai.”
Misa-nee cuts me off and casts her gaze on me.
Whoa, she's scary.
When I was little, Misa-nee and Mizuka-san were known for being terrifying when they were angry.
Mizuka-san looks like she'd be scary when mad. But Misa-nee usually smiled, so that gap made things worse.
Plus, I was constantly teased by her as a kid, so I'm conditioned to be scared of her in particular.
Someone who only knows her as the PR person for ExCo would wet their pants if they saw her true nature.
Misaki: “Is what you said in your email true?”
Kaito: “Um, yeah. I found it in Uchugaoka Park.”
Kaito: “Mizuka-san told me that you know Kimijima Kou and Airi.”
Misaki: “Forget all of this.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Misaki: “Forget the Kimijima Reports. You mustn't search for them anymore.”
Misaki: “Understand?”
Kaito: “But why?”
Misaki: “Because this is something you can't get involved with.”
Misaki: “Promise me.”
Kaito: “You gotta give me a reason.”
Misaki: “If you get involved any further, you'll regret it.”
Misaki: “So, forget everything you've seen.”
Kaito: “But can you at least—”
Kaito: “Ah...”
She hung up.
Kaito: “What the hell's going on?”
Kaito: “And hell, it's been six years! She couldn't at least tell me how she's been?”
Even after becoming a working adult, she's as straight-to-the-point as ever.
You haven't changed a bit, Misa-nee.
There were so many things I wanted to ask her, like if she's Tagirin, or if she saw us at ROBO-ONE.
Anyway.
Forget everything, eh?
I'll regret it if I get involved any further?
Does that mean that Misa-nee is familiar with the Kimijima Reports?
Kaito: “Talk about a half-assed warning.”
This is just going to have the opposite effect on me. It's like she's asking me to keep digging.
But more importantly...
Kaito: “Does she know something about Kimijima Kou's death...?”
