Apparently, the typhoon is getting close.
Kaito: “What am I doing here?”
Airi: “Big Brother, the typhoon is coming.”
Kaito: “I know.”
The whole ‘getting abducted by Tennouji Nae’ thing left a bad taste in my mouth.
But really, it was what happened just before that that stuck with me.
The riots in America caused by the solar storm.
Followed by everyone's PokeComs playing Kagome Kagome simultaneously.
And then hearing a fax machine-like noise after answering. The same tone that town hall is sending up to space.
What the hell was that?
Kaito: “Airi-chan, do you know anything about the Kagome Kagome call?”
Airi: “That's a nursery rhyme, right?”
Airi: “It's famous. Even I know it.”
Kaito: “Everyone does. I meant if you knew anything about the call you receive when Kagome Kagome plays.”
Airi: “Huh?”
I can't tell if she really doesn't know or if she's messing with me.
Wait. Airi is an AI, which means she can't do that sort of thing, right?
Kaito: “I wonder if Sister Centipede knows anything.”
I attempt to summon her.
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede mode.”
I sure have gotten used to this transformation.
Kaito: “Do you know anything about the Kagome Kagome call?”
Sister Centipede: “It occurred simultaneously on a national scale multiple times in Japan.”
Sister Centipede: “‘National’ doesn't refer to every region. The phenomenon spanned all the way from the north—Hokkaido—to the south—Tanegashima.”
Sister Centipede: “Specifically, Sapporo, Oodate, Kitakata, all 23 wards of Tokyo, all of Kanagawa, Ootsuki, Himi, Okazaki—”
Kaito: “That's enough.”
It felt like she was about to go on forever, so I cut her short.
Sister Centipede: “So far, there are no reports of any occurrences in the Okinawa and Shikoku regions.”
Sister Centipede: “As of this moment, Sister Centipede does not possess any other information.”
Sister Centipede: “No detailed analysis has been conducted on the accumulated information.”
Kaito: “Is that so?”
I wish she'd have just told me that at the beginning.
Sister Centipede seems like she'd be more reliable, but she's actually pretty useless.
I enter the town hall building.
Kaito: “Is there a number two and three of the Kimijima Report?”
The report that I found, number 1, is still here.
When I open up ‘IRUO.’, I can see the power mark indicating its presence.
Kaito: “The one located here is No. 1, right?”
Kaito: “Doesn't that also mean that there's a No. 2?”
I shoot Sister Centipede a leading question.
Sister Centipede: “Correct. There are seven Kimijima Reports in total.”
Well, that was easy.
Seven of those things, eh? That's more than I expected...
Kaito: “Where are they? Scattered all across Japan?”
Sister Centipede: “Incorrect. They are all located on this island.”
On this island...
Well, I guess if Kimijima Kou really lived here, it wouldn't be all that strange.
Hell, it works out for me.
Kaito: “Tell me about where the others are located.”
It's starting to creep me out that the contents of Report No. 1 are actually playing out.
Maybe I'm overthinking it.
But I really wish I could've stayed ignorant about all this.
Though that's a moot point now.
I'm aware of it, which means I can't help but think about it.
If I find and read all of Kimijima Kou's theories and they actually turn out to be true, it's not like I can do anything.
But I figure if the reports really are all on this island, I might as well look for them.
Pretty aggressive for me, right?
Especially considering I only ever give a damn about fighting games.
Sister Centipede: “The Kimijima Reports have been hidden very carefully.”
Kaito: “I'd hardly call that first report carefully hidden.”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede accepts your counterpoint and will revise the previous statement.”
Sister Centipede: “ and Sister Centipede are not aware of all the locations of the Kimijima Reports.”
Kaito: “Which means you know some of them?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes. Kimijima Report No. 2 is located near Uchugaoka Park according to the database.”
Sister Centipede: “However,  and Sister Centipede do not know the specific locations of the Kimijima Report AR annotations.”
Sister Centipede: “It is also possible that even if you find its location, it won't be displayed in ‘IRUO.’ under current conditions.”
Kaito: “You mean, like, it's invisible?”
Sister Centipede: “Each Kimijima Report has a set of unlock conditions(flags) required for them to be displayed.”
Sister Centipede: “Report No. 1 was an exception: its AR annotation was visible by default.”
Sister Centipede: “This will not be the case for the remaining reports.”
So, the HiddenHand password won't work on them?
Kaito: “How do you know that?”
Sister Centipede: “It is indicated as such in the  and Sister Centipede database.”
Got it. That means that by the time Airi was created, the Kimijima Reports were already intended to have been hidden.
Kaito: “Wait. When did Kimijima Kou die again?”
She did say he was murdered...
Sister Centipede: “In the year 2010.”
Kaito: “Did ‘IRUO.’ exist back then?”
Sister Centipede: “An alpha version had been developed.”
Sister Centipede: “By the time  was born in December of 2008, Master had already begun alpha testing for ‘IRUO.’”
Kaito: “Hmm...”
So, he had been hiding Kimijima Reports since the alpha version.
Kaito: “You said there were flags for them to be displayed. What exactly are they?”
Sister Centipede: “Downloading Report No. 2 flags.”
Sister Centipede: “Download complete.”
Sister Centipede: “Displaying Report No. 2 flags in Yashio-san's ‘IRUO.’”
Kaito: “What the hell...?”
Kaito: “It's like a video game. Are you telling me I gotta complete all of these?”
I honestly can't tell if Kimijima Kou is messing with me or what.
Of the four flags, the first one—contact Airi—has already been completed. Simple enough.
But the third flag is going too far into the absurd.
The go-kart track in this park has been closed for over 10 years.
What can I do about that?
Wait, actually, it only says that I have to report my time with a geotag. Maybe I can cheese it without a go-kart.
The game mentioned in the fourth flag, Golden Wolf Fighter IV, was a popular 2D fighting game around 10 years ago.
When I was still an elementary school kid, Misa-nee'd body me all the time. How cruel.
Plus, only about 100 people worldwide were able to hit SSS rank in the arcade mode. It was a completely unwinnable game.
Does Golden Wolf Fighter IV have a PokeCom app? If it doesn't, there's no way it'd sync with the ‘IRUO.’ flag.
I'll look into it later.
If Kimijima Kou authored these achievements, he definitely incorporated Misa-nee's opinions.
Misa-nee was one of the few people who managed to hit SSS, after all.
Kaito: “In any case, this sucks. These are way more demanding than just putting in a password.”
Sister Centipede: “But if Sister Centipede never told you the password, you would have never been able to unlock Report No. 1.”
Sister Centipede: “In that sense, one could argue that the difficulty has gone down significantly.”
It sure is way more tedious, though.
But I'll give credit where credit is due. This at least seems kinda interesting.
Kaito: “But why go through all this trouble?”
Sister Centipede: “Only Master can answer that question.”
Did he just want to strengthen security? Did he want to make sure that not just anyone could get the files?
Or maybe at the end of the day, he didn't want anyone seeing them despite the fact that they were accusatory.
He could even be doing this to filter out people without a healthy dose of curiosity and skepticism.
By imposing difficult conditions, only those who remain at the very end are granted access. And if nobody's left?
Well, that's that. He's pretty laid back for someone claiming that the world is about to end.
I step outside and look around.
The sky suggests that it may rain at any moment
The rain clouds are moving at alarming speeds.
Kaito: “Could that be the radar dome he was talking about?”
There's a 10-meter tall metal tower standing behind this building.
At its very top is a white, dome-shaped object.
Kaito: “I really hate that it says it's at the bottom of the dome and not the bottom of the tower.”
Kaito: “Whoa! It's shaking like crazy!”
Now that I'm actually climbing it, my legs are getting close to cramping up because of all the shaking.
This is the opposite of safe. This tower feels like it could snap in half at any moment.
Only an idiot would try climbing this thing in the middle of a storm!
Why the hell am I doing this?!
Sitting around the dome-shaped object at the very top is a platform.
Unfortunately, I don't have the time or presence of mind to enjoy the view from up here.
I feel like I'm on a board getting tossed around by raging waves.
I'd be blown away if I let go of the railing.
Now that I'm up here, I notice that a huge part of the tower has rusted over. Probably due to the sea breeze.
It doesn't look like it's being maintained very well.
The whole thing is badly deteriorated.
A-Am I gonna be okay?
Just withstand the wind.
I'm only doing this for one of those damn flags.
“Press the green switch located beneath the Old Community Center Radar Dome in Minamitane and press it again an hour later.”
I figured I'd get this done nice and quick before the typhoon came. Clearly I screwed up.
I underestimated this storm.
Kaito: “Um, let's see... Where's the switch?”
I take each step carefully as I search for the green switch.
The dome looks to have a diameter of about three meters.
It's pretty damn big.
I wonder what it's like inside.
I've spent over 10 years innocently looking up at this thing.
I always figured there was some sort of radar device inside of it or something.
But if this is the EGI System Airi was talking about, there's probably some kind of antenna in it instead.
I circle around it.
The strong winds are still trying to blow me off the tower.
I'm having a hard time standing still.
In an effort to stay grounded, I get on all fours.
Kaito: “Found it, the green switch!”
There's a black box located under the dome, where it connects to the tower. On its surface are a red and a green switch.
I press the green switch without thinking.
It lights up.
Kaito: “Wh-What the?!”
The dome splits in two at the center, and the top lid begins to lift open.
Kaito: “Whoa, whoa, whoa! What's going on, Sister Centipede?!”
Sister Centipede: “Unknown.”
Ugh, totally useless!
I want to run away right now, but the platform is narrow, and the whole thing is shaking violently, making it hard for me to move.
Eventually, the dome comes to a halt.
As it turns out, the dome was concealing a parabolic antenna.
The inner surface of the dome is relatively clean compared to its outside.
So, this is what's used to send that dial-up tone into outer space?
I've been forced to listen to this damn thing since I started climbing. I think I'm losing my mind.
Is it really okay to leave this as-is?
The dome opened because I pressed the switch.
But will it close properly if I come back and press it again an hour from now?
Kaito: “Argh, I really should've just gone home...”
Maybe I'm just getting impatient.
Go away, typhoon.
With that hope in mind, I begin descending the tower.
