Kaito: “Whooooooaaa!”
Why am I doing this to myself?! Why am I climbing this thing again?!
I'm not allowed to call Akiho an idiot considering I'm letting an AI's words influence me like this, dammit.
Kaito: “Just the switch! I'm gonna press the switch and go home...! C'mon...!”
I'll press the switch and the dome will close.
The antenna will be protected from the weather, and I'll set the flag.
Kaito: “Hahhh... Hahhh...”
I haven't even reached the top of the tower and my shirt is already soaking wet.
When I try to look up, I can't keep my eyes open. The rain droplets are so strong that they actually hurt.
The metal platform is slippery from the rain.
Plus, the tower itself is whipping about violently due to the wind.
All I can do is hang on tightly to the railing every time there's a strong gust of wind.
Just getting up one step takes an insane amount of effort.
It's taking forever to get to the dome.
Before I realize it, I'm breathing heavily, my shoulders heaving.
If I open my mouth, it'll get filled with endless rainwater, and I won't be able to breathe.
The rain is robbing me of my body heat. I'm freezing right down to my core.
It's the middle of the summer, but I'm shivering from the cold.
My fingertips are losing strength, causing my hands to nearly slip over and over again.
This is really bad...
Just standing in place is enough to deplete my energy.
I need to get off this thing right now.
Going any further is impossible.
What's the point of all of this?
What idiot would risk his life to read some delusional conspiracy theory written by someone he doesn't even know?
My original plan was to spend summer break relaxing and playing Kill-Ballad.
Now look what I've gotten myself into.
I don't have to do this.
Move forward, or turn back.
There's doubt in my heart.
I decide not to climb any further.
I attempt to take a step down.
But the sole of my shoe slips.
Kaito: “...!”
I end up sliding down five steps of stairs...
...And falling backward onto the platform railing.
Kaito: “Gah... agh...”
The impact feels like a bolt of lightning running through my body.
The intense pain causes me to lose my breath for a moment, and my vision blacks out.
My head feels wobbly, and it feels like I'm about to pass out.
But I soon realize that my body is moving on its own.
At this rate, I'm going to fall head-first off the platform.
My hands grip the railing as fast as I can move them.
I kick out my legs frantically.
The narrowness of the platform keeps me from falling.
The tips of my feet reach and hook onto a step, allowing me to support my body.
Kaito: “Kagh... haaah... ugh!”
I squat on the platform, doing my best to endure the intense pain.
Kaito: “Kahagh... hah... hah...”
Kaito: “Hah, hahh, hahh...”
I look down to see that I'm about five meters up.
I might not have died from the fall, but I sure as hell would've broken some bones.
I'm already starting to break down.
I just wanted to get home as fast as possible, but look where that got me...
Ugh, this guy's got me pissed off...
Don't turn back, you say?
Climb up there and press that switch, no matter what it takes, you say?
Well, you know what? Fine. Challenge accepted, you dead bastard.
I manage to catch my breath and stand back up.
I'm in pain, but I can still move, so I probably didn't break any bones. The human body sure is resilient...
Kaito: “Let's do this...!”
I pump myself up and dash up the nearly-perpendicular staircase to the next platform.
On my way, I'm nearly blown off by a sudden gust of wind...
...But I somehow manage to fight through it and get to the next platform.
My back is throbbing in pain because of how hard I've been pushing myself.
I'm guessing that pain isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
I try to grit my teeth in an attempt to deal with the pain, but the cold prevents me from doing that.
In my current position, the parabolic antenna is acting as an umbrella, so it's actually more comfortable here.
...Dammit, I really don't wanna move from here...
I'm dead tired.
How long has it been since I started climbing this stupid thing? Any sense of time I had is long gone.
I regret everything. I shouldn't have climbed this stupid tower.
I just wanna go home and take a hot bath.
But the top is right there.
The next platform is so close that if I stood up and stretched my arms above me, I could reach it.
If I can make it up about six steps of stairs, I'll be at the dome.
Kaito: “COOOOOOOOOOOME OOOOOOON!”
I let out a yell and push myself up the last set of stairs.
Kaito: “Ghh...”
The surrounding scenery opens up to me.
A world of vast darkness stretches out before my very eyes.
It really does feel like the end of the world.
At this height, I should be able to see the lights of Minamitane, but right now I can't even tell where the town is.
There's nothing standing between me and the endless rain.
It feels like it'd be impossible to stand up right now.
Another triangular plate from the dome gets blown away by the wind right in front of my eyes.
The massive piece disappears into the void at an alarming speed.
What if the entire dome gets blown away?
Please, please, please hold yourself together...
I look for the switch while holding onto the metal railing tightly.
I have to circle around to the other side of the dome to get to it.
Even that simple process feels like a trap designed to kill me or something, I swear.
Kaito: “Whoa...!”
It's shaking...!
No, that's an understatement.
It's more like the entire thing's being swung around.
I can hear the railing shriek.
Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if it warped and tore itself apart right now.
This situation is completely unwinnable.
This is a 1:9 match-up...!
Kaito: “...!”
There it is!
On top of the dark tower.
The green, faintly glowing LED.
This is the switch I pressed a few hours ago.
I grab tightly onto the nearest railing.
As soon as I try to stand up on my knees to press the switch...
Kaito: “Huh...?”
My body suddenly loses balance.
I can't believe my own eyes.
The railing I was grabbing onto had broken at its base.
I'm falling.
Falling from about 15 meters in the air.
Into the dark abyss below.
Am I going to die?
Kaito: “Tgh...”
It's then that the world comes to a halt.
All sound vanishes.
The painful, cold raindrops stop hitting my cheeks.
The rain ignores gravity and comes to a slow descent.
...No.
The world isn't slowing down.
It's that my senses have sharpened.
“Slo-mo.”
In some ways, getting an attack with this sort of timing was unavoidable.
After using so much energy, it'd have been weirder if I didn't get one.
I hate this goddamn condition. I'd give anything to never have to experience this kind of pain again.
But now's not the time to piss and moan.
My mind is crystal clear.
I calmly assess my current situation.
My left hand is still gripping onto the busted railing.
My body has already been thrown off balance and is about to fall off the platform.
I have my left hand let go of the railing.
And with my right hand, I grab the nearby railing that's still intact to keep myself from falling.
But my right hand alone isn't enough to stop the momentum of my body.
Like every other time I've gotten an attack, I can't breathe.
If I had to choose between falling 15 meters and the excruciating pain I get during an attack...
I'd honestly take either. That's how painful this is.
But I force myself to endure the pain.
My body's about to slip and fall between the gap of the broken railing.
I kick one of my legs toward the outer area of the platform...
...And while still in slow-motion, my body slowly gains momentum, circles around my right hand...
...Slips through the gap of the adjacent railing, and slowly falls back onto the scaffolding.
Sound returns to the world.
I don't even have the energy left to be terrified by the sound of the broken railing falling to the ground.
Kaito: “Kagh, hah... Cough, cough... guh... Hahhh, hahhh...”
Whenever an attack wraps up, I'm always left writhing in pain.
My body is effectively paralyzed.
My heart is pounding like it's going to explode as it aggressively pumps blood to the rest of my body.
As the paralyzed feeling dissipates, an excruciating pain runs through my body.
It feels like my ribs have actually punctured my lungs. No matter how much I gasp, I can't breathe.
I lay on the platform, my face covered in tears, snot, saliva, and rain. Yet somehow, I crawl my way to the switch.
I manage to press it with my shaking fingers.
The green LED turns off.
The open dome lid begins to come down.
Kaito: “Hahhh... Hahhh...”
Finally... I've done what had to be done...
The flag should be set.
After an attack follows a physical fatigue that lasts for a few hours.
I can't even move a muscle. It's like my body's batteries are completely worn out.
Am I gonna be able to get down like this...?
I don't have much of a choice. I know how dangerous it'd be to stay here.
And so, I crawl my way back to the staircase.
I somehow managed to take cover down at the lower platform despite my exhaustion.
It'd be better to stay down here where I can avoid a little rain and wind.
I can lie down, and the railings on both sides are still nice and secure.
The platform below is too narrow for me to even squat down on.
I can't stop shivering from the cold.
The rain and wind aren't going to be stopping anytime soon.
Oh, right. My PokeCom...
I should call for help.
I desperately twist my arms to reach for the PokeCom in my hip pouch.
It's waterproof, so I'm not concerned about it getting wet.
Though I was afraid the screen might've gotten cracked from when I hit the railing. Fortunately, it seems to be okay.
After some difficulty, I wake it up from sleep mode.
‘IRUO.’ is running, and Airi is nearby.
Airi: “Thank you, Big Brother!”
Airi: “Now I should be able to keep doing my job!”
I can hear Airi's voice.
I didn't do this for her.
In an attempt to voice my words, I end up coughing instead.
Airi: “I wish I could carry you, Big Brother. I'm sorry...”
I don't even have enough energy to send an email or make a call...
Kaito: “You sure seem... at ease...”
This time I manage to squeeze my words out without coughing.
Airi, displayed on screen, is obviously neither wet, nor is her hair blowing in the wind.
Airi: “I can't experience the changes in weather...”
Airi: “I only see what gets uploaded onto ‘IRUO.’”
Airi: “And in that data, it's always sunny.”
Airi: “Thanks to other data, I know that the rain during a typhoon is super scary, but...”
Airi: “The only thing I can see is the tower, the beautiful blue sky behind it, and...”
Airi: “Your geotag sitting atop it.”
Airi: “I wish we could share info between us...”
Airi: “That way, I could at least feel a little bit of your pain right now.”
Airi: “Big Brother, please hang in there...!”
Airi: “Hang in there for just a little bit longer...”
I give up.
I'm just gonna chill here for a bit...
After an attack, I get so weak that I can barely raise an arm.
If I wanna recover, I need to lie down for a while.
As soon as I do, I instantly feel sleepy.
The tower's shaking reminds me of a rocking cradle.
It's starting to feel pretty nice.
The cold is starting to fade away.
If I fall asleep here, I might just die.
That's not good... But...
There's no way out.
I...
???: “Kai...!”
Kaito: “...Huh?”
Something warm touches my hand.
All of my senses return to that singular spot.
And when I open my eyes...
I find Akiho's face in front of me for a reason I can't comprehend.
She's completely soaked, just like me.
And just as I do for her whenever she has an attack...
She gently embraces me.
Akiho holds my hand in hers.
Akiho: “You big dummy...!”
Akiho: “What in the world are you doing, Kai?!”
Akiho: “You had me worried sick...!”
Kaito: “W...hy...?”
What the...? Why is she here?
We're on top of a metal tower!
The only way to get up here is to climb a bunch of stairs in the middle of this crazy storm.
So her being here makes no sense at all...
Akiho: “I thought you might be in the park.”
Akiho's warmth gradually spreads to my body.
Akiho: “When I came looking for you, a girl named Airi showed up on ‘IRUO.’”
Akiho: “She told me that you were on top of the tower and that I had to help you.”
Akiho: “So, I jumped right into the fire and avoided the frying pan altogether! Hehe.”
“Good work, Airi...” Is that what she thought I'd say?
Akiho and Airi are both total dumbasses.
Kaito: “Go for wool and come back shorn... Idiot...”
Akiho: “Huh? What about wool?”
Kaito: “How do you plan on getting down... Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “Ah!”
I swear, she's nothing but trouble.
Akiho: “I-It'll be fine! Our dads and a few other guys are at the bottom!”
Then why did Akiho climb up here?
And besides, numbers aren't going to solve the problem of this staircase being incredibly narrow and practically vertical.
I wish she'd thought this through a little more...
Kaito: “But...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan... you saved my life, haha...”
Akiho: “This reminds me of the MF Anemone...”
That day, when we collapsed on the deck, I desperately held Akiho's hand as my consciousness faded.
I remember the warmth of her hand back then, too.
I feel the same warmth in her hand now as I did back then.
Thanks to Akiho's body heat, I think I can hang on just a little bit longer...
