Akiho: “Heave... ho...”
I jack up the giant servomotor with the engine crane.
It's hydraulic, so even a weak girl like me can lift up a hundred-kilogram motor easily.
By the way, according to the previous president, this crane was rented from Kamata Motors about five years ago.
They never asked us to return it, so it's just been hanging around in the hangar the whole time.
The motor itself is a Robot Clinic original.
We got it delivered to us yesterday.
It's a super-sluggish motor that's been optimized specifically for torque, since GunBuild-1 is so massive.
That said, Doc told me that he had it made on the cheap, so its durability is kinda up in the air...
Maybe we should've accepted JAXA's help after all.
Akiho: “Whew...”
We're all jacked up!
The massive servomotor is about 30 centimeters off the ground.
I'm planning on moving the crane from here to GunBuild-1's lower body.
This servomotor is going to be the knee joint for the unfinished left leg.
The problem is...
It's gonna take a whole lot of effort to move this crane all the way over there.
I look around.
No one else is here.
Jun was here sewing together the scarf a second ago, but she went outside to talk to Kai.
There's a lot of heavy lifting in our future, so we gotta work together. Not that they seem to care. At all.
Maybe I should act like a president for once and give them a real stern what for.
Nae: “G'morning!”
Tennouji-san pokes her head in through the hangar entrance.
She's waving to me with a smile on her face.
Akiho: “Oh, hi.”
When I get up to greet her, she responds by giving me a hug like it's no big deal.
Akiho: “Whoa?!”
I have no idea how to react to her sudden kindness.
Tennouji-san smells ever so slightly of sweat.
Nae: “Are you here alone, Akiho-chan? Where are the others?”
Tennouji-san steps back and surveys the hangar.
“Akiho-chan”?
Feels kinda weird being called that out of nowhere.
But I don't hate it.
Akiho: “Nobody's being cooperative. No matter how much I try, they refuse to come over and help out.”
Akiho: “Why?!”
Then I remember what “that person” says.
I smoothly whip out my glasses and place them in front of my eyes, like always.
I've become “that person.”
Akiho: “‘Because they're spoiled brats.’”
Nae: “...?”
Tennouji-san looks confused.
How can she proclaim to want to support bipedal robot research when she doesn't even know who “that person” is?!
Akiho: “Tennouji-san, do you watch much mecha anime?”
Nae: “Huh, er, did I upset you?”
Nae: “Should I have responded with something like, ‘it's three times faster’?”
Akiho: “Oh, so you do know! C'mon, you gotta give me a reaction next time.”
Nae: “I can't believe you prompted the joke and explained it yourself. You're so funny, Akiho-chan♪”
Akiho: “...”
I had a hunch when I met her the first time, but Tennouji-san can spit pure acid with a smile.
Nae: “My home is actually super close to Akihabara.”
Nae: “When I was little, there was a Gunbam Café and everything. I got to see the full-size Gunbam in Odaiba, too.”
Akiho: “Whoa...”
I'm so jealous.
I almost drooled for a sec.
Nae: “Um, but I digress. I'm actually here to continue our conversation from the other day.”
Nae: “I take it you haven't had a change of heart?”
Akiho: “I haven't.”
Tennouji-san glances over at GunBuild-1 lying in the hangar.
Nae: “You really want to stick to this robot?”
Akiho: “I do. Because it's the crystallization of our blood, sweat, and tears.”
Nae: “Someone bled?!”
Akiho: “Oh, uh, I'm just kidding about that part.”
I really didn't think she'd latch onto that.
Nae: “Have you ever considered further modifying Model-1 into something more polished?”
Akiho: “Even at this stage, we've already gone pretty off the rails from the original design.”
Akiho: “I know that GunBuild-1 is a wonky robot. I do.”
Akiho: “It's like a house that's had extensions built upon extensions upon extensions.”
Akiho: “Jun said it was like the Winchester Mystery House.”
It's a mansion with so many extensions that it's lost its function as a house and become more of a maze.
GunBuild-1 is no different.
Akiho: “We weren't able to build it according to the plans, so I feel pretty bad about it.”
We had a tight budget, so we made do with whatever parts we could get our hands on. We're just high schoolers.
And with our limited knowledge, we tried to make a walking robot. It ended up totally different from the original design.
Akiho: “So, I really want to avoid making any more changes to it.”
Because despite how much has been altered, GunBuild-1 still has the DNA of the original GunBuild project.
Nine years worth of passion resides inside of that metal exterior.
Akiho: “Completing him is my mission as president of the Robotics Club, and my own personal dream.”
Nae: “Things have changed quite a lot in the last decade when it comes to giant, bipedal robots.”
Nae: “Technology has advanced greatly.”
Nae: “If we utilize today's technology, you could make an even better robot.”
Nae: “If you're gonna make one anyway, wouldn't you want it to do more than just walk?”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
I reflexively groan.
More than just walk...
I want to! I really do!
I want to see GunBuild-1 move gallantly like Prez did during ROBO-ONE, with Kai at the controls.
Akiho: “Gah! No, no, I'm not falling for your tricks!”
Akiho: “I'm completing GunBuild-1 no matter what! I won't be manipulated by your sweet temptations!”
Nae: “I see...”
Tennouji-san lowers her shoulders in disappointment.
But it isn't long before she regains her usual perkiness and smiles.
Nae: “By the way, even if you decide to stick with Model-1, you're still welcome to use the facilities at TNSC.”
Nae: “So, just let me know if you ever need to.”
Akiho: “...”
I'm truly grateful for her offer, but I don't have the guts to accept it.
I've already rejected their kindness twice now.
Am I just being stubborn?
Would everyone be more willing to cooperate if we were making a brand new robot...?
