I've been alive for 18 years.
Looks like this is the end of that road.
I never thought I'd experience being abducted by some shady group of people.
Yet here I am, having it actually happen to me.
And not just me, but Akiho and the other members of the club as well.
I have to do something, but there's no way I can turn this situation around on my own. I know how trying to do that will turn out.
Thus, all I can do is stay quiet in this shaking car.
Nobody says a word.
After passing the time in silence, we finally arrive at our destination.
It's...
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “What's going on here...?”
Akiho: “This is the space center, isn't it?”
The windows of the van had a dark tint applied to them, but it was still possible to see outside.
None of us had been blindfolded, and the men in black suits didn't warn us not to look around.
Which means there was nothing keeping us from watching the van enter TNSC and pull up in front of the Takesaki Observatory.
We were then politely guided to a room on the fourth floor, no restraints. Did we just dream up the chaos from earlier?
Five minutes have passed since we got here. Needless to say, this isn't an interrogation room, nor is it some creepy cell.
It's just a regular old room. Heck, if anything, it's more like a press conference room.
After guiding us here, the men in black suits told us to wait for a little while, then left.
In other words, it's just us four Robotics Club members sitting around.
Subaru: “The door doesn't seem to be locked.”
Subaru turns the handle on the door leading outside, and it opens easily.
An intense sea breeze comes blowing into the room, roughly swaying the hanging curtains.
It sure is windy outside...
Subaru: “There doesn't seem to be any guards, either.”
Subaru: “We should be able to escape.”
Kaito: “There's no point.”
Kaito: “If nothing else, I think we're probably safe. No torture, murder, or getting dumped into the sea.”
If they wanted to kill us, they probably would've taken us deep in the woods where nobody would ever find us.
There are places like that all over the island.
Instead they took us to the TNSC, of all places.
No restraints, and we're not locked in.
It's pretty clear that they mean us no harm.
Subaru: “I'm concerned about how that Tennouji lady disappeared the moment we arrived here.”
Akiho: “Hey, everyone. I've seen something like this before.”
Kaito: “What do you mean, Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “Situations like this happen a lot in mecha anime. It's a trope. Gunvarrel episode 17 was kind of like this.”
Akiho: “In other words, we've been chosen as the team to pilot a giant robot to protect Earth.”
Subaru: “Forever a child. How truly absurd.”
Kaito: “I'm with Subaru-kun on this one.”
Akiho: “...Grr, c'mon! I wasn't being serious...”
Akiho: “I was just trying to lighten the mood a little, so I made a joke. Ever heard of it?”
Lighten the mood, eh?
Junna's been trembling like a newborn fawn the whole time, so it looks like Akiho's “joke” ended in utter failure.
Suddenly, the door to the room opens, and in comes a dizzy-looking Frau.
Frau: “Ah...”
Subaru: “Furugoori?!”
The men in black suits that were guiding Frau Bow leave the room.
Akiho: “They got you too, Frau Bow?”
Frau: “I-I'm going to describe what just happened to me...”
Frau: “I was walking to the neighborhood convenience store to buy Pokky, and the next thing I know, I'm at JAXA.”
Frau: “Y-You might not understand what I'm saying, but I don't understand, either...”
Frau: “I can't rule out the possibility of hypnotism, super speed, or something equally as crazy.”
Kaito: “You got shoved into a car and abducted, yeah?”
Frau: “...P-Pretty much.”
So, the same as us.
Frau wasn't even at the hangar with us, which means they must have business with the entire Robotics Club.
Although there's no sign of Mitchie, who left only a short time before the abduction took place.
Frau: “B-By the way, about the men in black just now? Deets plz.”
Frau: “Black suits... Hahh, Hahh. I just wanna chew on their neckties and lick the arms of their sunglasses...”
Time to ignore the perv.
Kaito: “Since we're at the TNSC, have you heard anything from your old man, Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “Good point! Lemme try calling him!”
Despite our current situation, they didn't take our PokeComs.
Just as Akiho's about to make the call...
Ken'ichiro: “H-Hiya...”
Her old man shows up, right on time.
I can't tell if he's trying to fool us with that smile of his, or if he's just forcing one out. 
Either way, he looks oddly tense.
Akiho: “Dad, what's going on here?!”
Akiho: “Did you order this?! Explain yourself!”
???: “Allow me to explain.”
Kaito: “Ah...”
Entering the room after Akiho's dad is Tennouji Nae, the girl who was wearing sunglasses.
That said, she's not wearing shades right now, so she kinda... looks different.
Nae: “Okay, everyone have a seat.”
Kaito: “Wait, hold on. That uniform... Huh?”
Akiho: “A JAXA uniform?”
Nae: “Let me introduce myself to you guys again.”
Nae: “I'm Tennouji Nae, from JAXA's Research and Development Headquarters. The Unexplored Technology Research Center, to be specific.”
Nae: “I just arrived on Tanegashima today! It's really nice here.”
Whoa, whoa, what's with all the smiling?
You literally almost committed a crime!
Hell, the normal reaction here would be to call the cops on you...
Nae: “We gathered you all here like this to make a proposal regarding some support work.”
Subaru: “We didn't gather here, you abducted us...”
Akiho: “Support work...?”
Nae: “Chief Senomiya of the Tanegashima Space Center is already aware of this.”
Akiho: “...News to me.”
Akiho's old man wipes the sweat off of his cheek and weakly nods.
Ken'ichiro: “But Tennouji-kun, you could've handled this a bit better...”
Ken'ichiro: “First, you should apologize to them.”
Nae: “Oh, gosh. You're right.”
Tennouji Nae seems to have come to some sort of realization. She corrects her posture and bows deeply.
Nae: “I am so very sorry for the rough treatment!”
Nae: “It's just that there are a number of adults who are targeting you guys.”
Nae: “I needed to speak to you as soon as possible so you could cooperate with us.”
Nae: “Back when I was a student, my friends would often call me ‘Flat-Out Princess’...”
Nae: “I have a bit of a habit of taking things too far...”
Who cares about your nickname?
More importantly, what do you mean by adults targeting us?
Is this related to Kimijima Kou?
Nae: “Umm, anyway, to quickly... explain the support work... I mentioned...”
Nae: “Mashita-san, Mashita-san, could you hand me that?”
Tennouji Nae suddenly calls out to one of the staff members watching from a short distance away.
The older man named Mashita wears a troubled smile on his face and hands the board over to Tennouji Nae.
Nae: “Yes, this. Tadaah!”
After building up a little bit of hype for herself, she turns the board toward us.
Kaito: “...”
What the...
Nae: “Yup, um... ‘Let's Build a Giant Robot with JAXA.’”
Akiho: “...”
Looks like I'm not the only one floored right now. Everyone in the club is stunned.
Not to mention, the poor handwriting and bad drawings make me feel excessively annoyed.
What the hell was that terrifying experience we all endured 30 minutes ago?
Everything feels so stupid now.
I feel like I'm about to collapse out of frustration on the spot.
Tennouji Nae's carefree way of speaking is only spurring on that sense of exhaustion.
Nae: “Huh? Um, did you guys not hear what I said?”
Nae: “Er... I thought the board would make it super duper clear...”
Nae: “Basically, I'm asking you guys to make a giant robot together with JAXA.”
With JAXA, huh...
Didn't Akiho just ask her dad about this about a month ago and get rejected?
Nae: “Specifically, it's called ‘Innovative Robotics Technology Research Support Work,’ but that's kind of a long name.”
Nae: “In other words, we want to provide support to people doing giant robot research and development.”
Nae: “The Tokyo Expo is next year, but everyone is calling it the Robot Expo.”
Nae: “Ground-based bipedal robot research is outside of JAXA's field of expertise.”
Nae: “We do have a research group for space robotics research, though.”
Nae: “Since Japan is known as the robot powerhouse of the world, we should face the call for bipedal giant robots, too.”
Nae: “So, I tried asking the higher-ups about it.”
Nae: “And despite what I expected, they ended up listening to the opinion of a total newbie like me.”
Nae: “It's just for the six months until the Expo, but we want to do support work.”
Isn't it a little late for this?
I doubt they'll accomplish much with only half a year remaining until the Expo.
Nae: “If this goes well, it could open the path to an official mission in the future.”
Nae: “JAXA might finally be able to make a giant, bipedal robot! It won't just be a dream anymore.”
Nae: “So, I'm hoping this might prove to be good pre-mission research for us.”
Nae: “But for now, I'm the only one from Chofu assigned to this, so I don't think they're expecting much. Ahah...”
Nae: “This is the part where you're supposed to laugh. Ahahah...”
Just like when she introduced herself in the car, she's laughing, but her eyes aren't...
No matter how big that smile of hers is, she's kind of scary.
Nae: “To be honest, a lot of people told me that we wouldn't be able to do much in only half a year.”
Nae: “But if nobody expects anything, there's no need to fear failure.”
Nae: “That means I can do as I please.”
If nothing else, she's got guts.
Nae: “That said, though I called it ‘support work,’ the budget is reaaaaally tiny. Like, chump change level.”
Nae: “So, we can only offer our assistance to one group.”
Nae: “Our budget would vanish in a heartbeat if we tried to support multiple research organizations.”
Nae: “I was thinking about who to go with when I just so happened to see a net stream of ROBO-ONE.”
Nae: “During the grand finals, you fought on equal grounds with the heroic Mr. Pleiades.”
I glance over at Subaru to check his expression.
Subaru: “...”
It looks like he's listening to her with a cold expression on his face... but he's actually sweating bullets.
Akiho: “Oh, Mr. Pleiades is actually right—”
Subaru: “Prez, pwease don't say another word!”
Akiho: “Ah, oh. S-Sorry.”
Nae: “Hmm?”
Subaru: “P-Please continue.”
Nae: “Okay. Anyway, I was deeply moved by that match!”
Tennouji Nae's eyes get moist, and she wiggles around.
The more she talks, the more my impression of this woman changes. For the worse.
Nae: “It's unfortunate that you lost. I bet it must've been really frustrating.”
Akiho: “If we kept going, we definitely would've won!”
Subaru: “Such assumptions are meaningless. The match was over.”
Akiho: “Grrr...”
Nae: “I also read your interview in Kaiyomi Newspaper.”
What interview?
Akiho: “Oh, the one I did.”
Junna: “Wait, you had a newspaper interview? That's amazing...!”
Akiho: “Yeah, for Kaiyomi, not Nannichi. That's a national paper.”
Akiho: “Kai said he didn't want to do it, so I had no choice but to do it alone.”
Akiho: “I actually wanted to tell them even more.”
Nae: “But you did manage to tell them about your wonderful dream, Senomiya-san.”
Akiho: “Oh, you really think it's wonderful? That's kinda embarrassing, hehe...”
Oh, boy. Akiho's starting to fall for Tennouji Nae's lip service.
Nae: “Your actual dream isn't about hobby robots, it's to build a giant robot over 10 meters tall, right?”
Nae: “Well, you already are building it, I guess.”
Akiho: “Yeah, that's correct.”
The president has officially been buttered up to perfection. She's all ready for the oven.
Even though she was trembling and about to cry mere minutes ago.
Nae: “I saw the interview, and I decided that your club was the one!”
Nae: “That's why I absolutely had to talk to you all.”
Nae: “This is your time.”
Kaito: “So, you're just hopping on the bandwagon?”
Nae: “Well, your names were actually pretty well-known, even within JAXA.”
Akiho: “Because I'm the daughter of the TNSC Chief?”
Kaito: “Probably because JAXA has been giving us the parts they don't need anymore.”
Akiho: “Oh, I see. We've had a working relationship for a long time now.”
When Misa-nee founded the Robotics Research Association nine years ago, she used her family connections to force JAXA's hand.
Nae: “Hahhh, but I'm so glad I made it in time!”
Tennouji Nae gestures like she's wiping sweat from her brow after a hard day's work.
Nae: “Since you got second place in ROBO-ONE, various research groups and corporations have gotta be aiming for you.”
Nae: “Technicians not just in Japan, but from around the world pay close attention to that tournament.”
Akiho: “R-Really?! Like what, exactly?!”
Akiho: “In the last month, aside from the Kaiyomi Newspaper, nobody has made any offers.”
Kaito: “It's just lip service.”
Nae: “Not at all! I know I'm right.”
Nae: “Anyway, there you have it. I'd like to be the first to establish a cooperative relationship with you.”
Subaru: “Exactly what kind of support would you provide us with?”
Nae: “As I said at the start, our goal is entering next year's Expo. We can offer development funds, though not much.”
Nae: “Also, the Unexplored Technology Research Center has a branch called the ‘Space Robotics Research Group.’”
Nae: “You can do a technology exchange with the engineers there. It'd be lovely if those folks could offer you advice.”
Nae: “Finally, when constructing the robot, you can use our facilities here at TNSC.”
Akiho: “Whoaaa.”
Nae: “Oh, one important thing! Please explain in the description for the finished robot how JAXA cooperated with you.”
Doesn't that basically mean there are literally no downsides to accepting this deal?
Is that really everything? This sounds way too good to be true.
Kaito: “Don't tell me JAXA's gonna grab all our tech and ideas, then take credit for everything we did?”
Subaru: “Senpai, you're being far too pessimistic.”
Akiho: “He's right. If they did that, I'd cut ties with Dad.”
Ken'ichiro: “Wh-Wha?! Me?!”
Kaito: “I dunno, I'm just thinking this deal sounds too sweet.”
Kaito: “It's got me suspicious is all. Like they have an ulterior motive. Don't forget that they abducted us.”
Nae: “Oh, gosh. I-It's all my fault you're so guarded.”
Nae: “I'm sorry, I'm so so sorry!”
Tennouji Nae, looking ashamed, bows her head to us again.
Nae: “All I can really say is, please trust me. But if the finished robot is well received...”
Nae: “You may be hired to assist with JAXA's giant robot production in the future.”
This woman is really fixated on JAXA making giant robots.
Does she just really wanna make one?
Who knows if that's not all just a delusion of hers?
Nae: “JAXA robots of justice built to beat down the armies of evil! What do you think?”
Ken'ichiro: “Wouldn't that make them weapons? That concept would never be approved!”
Nae: “Oh, no no, I'm just joking. Ahahah.”
Akiho: “Wow...”
Akiho's eyes have started glittering.
She's been consumed by delusions.
Akiho: “I love the way you think!”
Nae: “Really? Thank you♪”
Uh-oh, they're hitting it off...
Akiho: “I mean, either way, we were planning on participating in the Expo.”
Nae: “Oh, really? Then that's convenient for both of us! Right?”
Akiho: “But we shouldn't need too much money. We have a sponsor.”
Akiho: “We also have most of the parts we need, too. All that's left is to assemble it.”
Nae: “Wow, you've made that much progress? Amazing!”
Nae: “Of course, your robot might not compare favorably to some of ones at the Expo made by the big corporations.”
Tennouji Nae just casually drops an insult on us.
Nae: “But that's where you compete with ideas instead! Don't you agree?”
Nae: “There's no point in trying to build a robot like the giant corporations of the world do.”
Nae: “You'd want to focus on great invention ideas, things that could advance giant robot innovation or space development toward the future.”
Akiho: “Ideas... umm...”
Akiho's eyes are wandering.
She probably doesn't have any ideas in particular.
The only plan for that chunk of hollowed-out steel is to make it walk.
Well, I guess this isn't a bad proposal.
It's up to Akiho to decide whether or not to accept, though.
She's the club president, and she's likely the only one with any real interest in any of this.
Subaru is participating in the Robotics Club in secret from his old man, so he can't openly voice his opinion.
All of this is probably going right over Junna's head.
And Frau and I have no interest in giant robots.
Actually, Frau is slovenly lying forward on a desk, fiddling with her PokeCom. She's been paying no attention.
Nae: “Then, about that giant robot you're building right now...”
Nae: “Could I take a look at it?”
Akiho: “Of course!”
Kaito: “It was in the hangar you found us in.”
Nae: “Oh, it was? I didn't even notice.”
Akiho: “The data is in my PokeCom.”
Akiho pulls up the blueprints and photos she took and happily shows them to Tennouji Nae on her PokeCom screen.
Akiho: “This is the giant robot that we're currently developing, Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1, aka GunBuild-1.”
Nae: “Whoa...”
Tennouji Nae's eyes are glued to the monitor.
But she soon starts to look puzzled.
Nae: “Hmm...”
Nae: “Does it move...?”
Akiho: “Absolutely! It walks.”
Akiho: “...Or that's the plan, anyway.”
Actually, didn't Subaru mention repeatedly that it wouldn't walk? Did that issue ever get solved?
The man in question is...
Subaru: “...”
Well, he's not saying anything in particular.
Nae: “That means the legs move. Anything besides the legs?”
Akiho: “Um... there's no plan for that. It wasn't necessary.”
Nae: “I see.”
Nae: “Hmmmm...”
Tennouji Nae goes silent in thought for a moment, then speaks to Senomiya's dad.
Nae: “Chief Senomiya, do you think this can walk?”
Ken'ichiro: “Well, that's an awfully good question...”
He looks like he's at his wit's end.
He keeps wiping sweat from his brow, over and over.
Is he trying to appeal to his daughter?
If that's the case, he's not really doing a good job.
At the end of the day, sometimes you just have to be brutally honest about this kind of thing.
Man, how weak is this dude when it comes to his daughter?
Akiho: “It'll walk, right Dad?”
Ken'ichiro: “Mm...”
Nae: “Which is it?”
Subaru: “It will not.”
Subaru finally makes his move.
Akiho: “Subaru, hush! Nobody asked you!”
Subaru: “But it's the truth.”
Nae: “It can't walk?”
Subaru: “If it tried to walk, it would likely trip on its own toes and fall over.”
Nae: “It'd fall over...? That sounds dangerous...”
Akiho: “Th-That's, um... as a solution to that, we can attach wheels to the tips of the feet. Just an idea.”
Tennouji Nae thinks to herself again before slamming her fist into her palm like she's got an idea. She looks up.
Nae: “Um, how about this?”
Nae: “Why don't you stop development on Model-1 for now...”
Nae: “And start working on a brand new, more attractive giant robot for entry into the Expo?”
Akiho: “H-Huh...? A brand new...”
This proposal makes the most sense.
Subaru's been saying the same thing for a while now.
And if JAXA provides support, our financial issues would finally be over.
We could really build something pretty decent if we start from scratch.
However.
To Akiho, this proposal composed of cold, hard reality might as well have been a slap in the face.
It means the robot she's currently building won't qualify for the Expo. She'd end up a laughing stock.
In other words...
It's a complete rejection of the robot that Akiho's spent so much time on for so long.
I'm an amateur at robot construction, but even I can tell after listening to Subaru and Akiho battle it out.
He's right, and she isn't.
But...
That's not the biggest problem here...
...The biggest problem is that the Robotics Club president, the one who holds the right to decide what direction the club will take, is—
Akiho: “In that case, please forget about the whole thing.”
Nae: “What?”
Senomiya Akiho, and Senomiya Akiho alone. Her dream is to complete the GunBuild-1 that Misa-nee designed.
The Gunvarrel Prototype Model-1 that's the product of the other members' nine years of hard work.
There's no logic or reason behind this. Just pure emotion.
That's why this proposal will never work.
Akiho: “I only want to complete GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “I have no desire to build any other robot.”
Nae: “Senomiya-san...”
Akiho: “I'm sorry.”
Akiho bows slightly and walks out of the room.
Frau, seemingly waiting for this moment, stumbles after Akiho while still hanging her head low.
Junna is bewildered and looks toward me for my reaction.
Subaru also looks at me like he wants me to do something.
I don't have any reason to try and persuade Akiho one way or the other.
My only obligation is to give her a light push on the back when she's stuck in place.
I'm going to start getting KB withdrawal soon, so I decide to go home as well.
The wind outside is strong.
It's definitely more than just a sea breeze.
The clouds are starting to look a bit ominous, too.
Kaito: “Aki-chan.”
I chase after Akiho and call out to her.
Kaito: “How are you getting home?”
Akiho: “Hmm, by bus, maybe?”
Frau: “Duhuhu, I can't believe there's only one per hour.”
Junna: “E-Everyone, wait for me...”
Junna comes chasing after us, looking ready to cry.
Behind her follows a silent Subaru.
I look toward the Takesaki Observatory and notice Tennouji Nae watching us from the observation deck.
We turn our backs to her and head to the bus stop.
While it was a good offer, negotiations with JAXA ended in failure.
