The night sky, already red due to the aurora, is even brighter than usual.
The fireworks have begun.
I gaze out at them through the window in the hallway.
I'm sure there are tons of people cheering and enjoying themselves underneath those fireworks right now.
I think I went to go see them with Akiho last year.
I've gotten multiple calls from her already, but I don't feel like heading over there.
I still can't get over what happened yesterday.
Misaki: “Forget all of this.”
I keep wondering what she meant by that.
I can't settle down.
At times like this, the only thing to do is empty my mind and play Kill-Ballad.
That's why I decided to avoid the crowds and take refuge in the abandoned hotel with the shut-in high school girl.
Frau: “S-Senpai...”
Frau: “I'm ready. You can come in...”
Frau: “Don't stare at me too much...”
Kaito: “Is there a reason you're saying it like you're embarrassed?”
Not that I'd be surprised if there was underwear on the floor.
Frau: “I was just letting my delusions run wild. Duhuhu.”
Frau: “You know, like, a ‘first night together’ sort of thing?”
Frau: “‘I want to fall asleep embraced in your warmth tonight.’”
Frau: “‘Or should I embrace you? It'll be so intense that you might break.’”
Frau: “Hell yeaaaaaah!”
Frau's stupidly hyped, as usual.
Kaito: “If you're going to joke around, I'm leaving.”
Frau: “Mm...”
Frau: “Th-There's a lot of banging coming from outside. What's the deal?”
Kaito: “Fireworks.”
Frau: “Couldn't care less.”
You're the one who asked.
Frau: “Rank number two just hopped online.”
Frau: “Y-You might get matched up soon.”
Kaito: “Got it.”
I return to Frau's room.
It's stupidly cold... big surprise.
It's also dirty. There's trash everywhere.
Kaito: “Ever consider cleaning your room?”
Frau: “Gimme a loli maid, plz. Rosetta-tan could work, though.”
Frau: “All right, Rosetta-tan. Hurry and come out of the second dimension, plz.”
Frau is grinning as she speaks to her PokeCom.
Kaito: “So uh, I've been wondering for a while now, but who's Rosetta?”
Frau: “Wha?!”
Frau: “You play Kill-Ballad, y-yet you don't even remember the name of Gunvarrel's main heroine?”
Frau: “Y-You're not a real fan!”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “Well, during its initial run, sh-she was considered a forgettable heroine. Duhuhu.”
Frau: “I-I have a Rosetta-tan and a Genki-kun bot in m-my PokeCom.”
Frau: “Rosetta-tan, greet him.”
Rosetta: “Good evening, Yashio-san. I'm Yuuki Rosetta.”
I can hear a girl's voice coming from Frau's PokeCom.
Genki: “I'm Genki! Doto Genki! Pleased to meet ya!”
Kaito: “Ah, I've heard these voices before.”
Frau: “They're the hero and heroine of Gunvarrel...”
Frau: “Genki-kun is the one piloting the G-Gunvarrel you use so much.”
Kaito: “Ah, now that you mention it, I think I remember something like that.”
I don't have the disposition to remember anime character faces and names very well.
Kaito: “So, uh, they just spoke out loud.”
Frau: “A bot has to talk or th-there's no point.”
Kaito: “Will they react to my voice, too?”
Frau: “Y-You can give it a try.”
Frau: “H-However, the bots are mine, so you don't get to see them. Duhuhu.”
She's being really irritating.
Why not let me take a look?
Whatever. I try speaking to her PokeCom.
Kaito: “Yo, Genki.”
Genki: “Yo! Blast of spirit! Hehe!”
Kaito: “Huh, that's pretty amazing.”
Kaito: “What time is it, Rosetta?”
Rosetta: “It is currently 7:35 p.m.”
Rosetta: “Have you had dinner yet?”
These are pretty smart bots.
Kaito: “Did you create them yourself, Kona-chan?”
Frau: “Wooshaw!”
She's acting like she just had a huge victory.
Kaito: “Can they talk to you on their own?”
Frau: “Nope. It'd be annoying if they did that.”
Kaito: “You don't say.”
Kaito: “If only you'd tell Airi-chan that.”
Frau: “Airi?”
Airi: “Did you call for me?”
Airi speaks as soon as I boot up ‘IRUO.’
She's looking at me from within the screen.
Frau's eyes widen.
Frau: “Huh? Whazzat? A bot?”
Frau: “She looks super real no matter how you slice it, thank you very much.”
Airi is troublesome because she tends to pop up like this.
Now I have to explain things to Frau.
Wait, I don't have to say anything.
I can just let Airi do the talking.
And so I tap on her in order to summon Sister Centipede.
Airi: “Wah!”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede mode.”
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, tell this perverted girl about yourself.”
Sister Centipede: “Understood.”
Kaito: “Kona-chan, I think you should be able to see her from your PokeCom, too.”
Kaito: “Start up ‘IRUO.’”
Frau: “Say... wha?”
Frau quickly manipulates her PokeCom, and...
Frau: “Whoaaaaaa.”
Frau: “Wh-What's with this hyper-smooth animation? Is this higher than 60 FPS? It's gotta be 120 FPS at least, right?”
Frau: “It looks completely real!”
Frau: “Crazy.”
She's totally fixated on her screen.
Anyway, I'll leave the rest to Sister Centipede.
I check on the Kill-Ballad matching status.
Still no luck.
This time, Frau provided me with a dedicated PokeCom for the cheater hunt.
Well, it's not so much for me as it is for Frau's own ease of use.
She said she's been messing with the program, customizing it to make matching faster than before.
According to her, number two is the only one I can be matched with now.
Kaito: “Number two, aka Hanasono, eh?”
HANASONO_1991.
Currently ranked number two on the Kill-Ballad leaderboards.
Nickname, “Lagger.”
To tell the truth, I don't think they're skilled enough to be in second place.
Whenever I fight them, I don't get the sense that they're all that strong.
Don't get me wrong, they're not bad at all.
But they play more like someone who should be around rank 100.
Yet for some reason, lady luck seems to be on their side.
Though I know it's not actually just luck.
It's more like a terrible environment for playing online games.
Every time you fight Hanasono, it's almost guaranteed that you'll experience awful lag during the match.
And it's not just one or two people who've experienced this. Hell, it's not even 100 people.
It's everyone who has ever fought them. Easily over 10,000 players.
While I normally lag a lot all the time, in Hanasono's case, there's no lag at the start of a match.
Everything is normal at the beginning.
But then midway through the match, the lag begins.
There's seemingly no rhyme or reason to the timing.
In fact, it's so bad that there's a site dedicated to investigating Hanasono's lag.
The strangest thing is that once it goes away, you're the only one who has lost a ton of health.
While you're hit by lag and unable to move, Hanasono can seemingly move freely and beat on their opponent.
Thus, no matter how skilled you are, you can't beat Hanasono.
The issue is that this is totally beyond the level of like, super reaction speed. There's no way to deal with it.
Apparently there have been tons of complaints to management about the bad lag.
Most people believe that it's caused intentionally via some kind of cheat.
The management, aka Frau, agreed and has decided to include them as one of the players to investigate in the cheater hunt.
I've been doing image training and building simulations in my head of strategies I can use to face Hanasono.
I've concluded that it's still 3:7 in favor of Hanasono...
Of course, I'll do my best to kick their ass, but I can't do anything about lag.
Frau: “Thus, my waifu is Rosetta. In fact, basically every female character is a waifu.”
Frau: “Boys, however, aren't waifus. They're for shipping only. Got it?”
Sister Centipede: “Erly x Genki, right? I completely understand. There were many thin-books about them.”
Frau: “There are some fetching a premium of over 100,000 yen now. Of course, I've already bought them. Duhuhu.”
Sister Centipede: “That's terrible. Paying a premium just because you have the money? You're rotten to the core.”
Sister Centipede: “But that's what's good about you. There are no girls who hate BL, after all.”
Frau: “So wise! BL FTW! I'd die for my OTPs!”
Wait...
How are they actually having a conversation?
Even Sister Centipede's normal speech patterns have changed.
Do they understand each other?
I have no clue what they're even talking about.
If I keep listening to this alien language, I'm gonna go nuts.
A high-pitched sound effect rings out from the PokeCom wired to the PC.
We've got a match!
Kaito: “We're in!”
Frau: “Hanasono's machine is Boltvalian.”
Frau's reverted back to normal.
She starts monitoring the situation on her PC.
Boltvalian is a super heavyweight power fighter.
It's slow, but each blow is heavy.
It's normally a weak character—er, machine—so you don't have to play too carefully around it.
The story changes if they can move around freely in a laggy environment.
Kaito: “It doesn't matter if I win or lose this time too, right?”
Frau: “Either's OK.”
Kaito: “Whew.”
Kaito: “Seems about right.”
Kaito: “That's all Hanasono's got. They really don't belong in second place.”
Kaito: “Ah, shit! Dammit!”
Kaito: “What the hell is with this lag?! This is so goddamn cheap!”
Kaito: “It's ridiculous that they can move around when I can't!”
Kaito: “Plus, they're showing off with a weak character?! Are they trolling me?!”
I'm getting too worked up.
I take a few deep breaths in an attempt to calm down.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, did you get any evidence this time?”
Frau is operating her PC.
She's using an old keyboard, something you don't see much these days, and is tapping away with splendid finger movements.
Frau: “Grrr...”
She's groaning again... Does that mean she didn't find any evidence?
Kaito: “You gotta be kidding me.”
Frau: “Rosetta, what's the sitch in Tokyo?”
Rosetta: “All green.”
Frau: “How?! The Tokyo team is just useless crap!”
Frau: “Aggggh, wall punch, I wanna wall punch...”
She punches at the monitor several times, stopping just before hitting it.
Frau: “Why isn't my cheat detection software picking anything up?”
Weird reaction.
Frau: “Do they know what I'm doing?”
Frau: “No, no, there's no way. That's impossible.”
Frau: “They straight-up activated their cheats during that match!”
Frau: “What excuse does the Tokyo team have?”
Rosetta: “Now displaying the Tokyo team's chat log.”
Frau: “This is terrible. They're all just blaming each other. Die plz.”
They've got a lot of nerve asking me to help with the cheater hunting when they're so disorganized.
Once I exit the room, I can hear the sound of fireworks still going outside.
I'm all fired up from that match against Hanasono.
Usually, I'd play a few random matches to cool down.
But I'm really not in the mood.
Frau: “Muhaah, this is moe!”
Frau follows me out of the room.
For some reason, she's breathing heavily and looking at me with bloodshot eyes.
Frau: “That expression of ennui on your face as you g-gaze out at the distant fireworks is super moe. So chuunibyou.”
Frau: “B-By the way, I've been thinking about this for a while, but wearing a T-shirt under your uniform shirt is very wrong.”
Kaito: “What?”
Frau: “You're supposed to leave your chest bare, SMH. That way, I can lick your collarbone EZ!”
Frau: “Srsly, for a girl, it's irresistible. I could eat three bowls worth of rice on your chest alone. Muhah!”
Kaito: “Whoa, whoa, wait! Why are you trying to unbutton my shirt?!”
Frau: “Tch.”
I hurriedly brush her hands away, and she clicks her tongue.
Frau: “You're even more ennui than usual today, Senpai.”
Frau: “Wait!”
Frau: “I see, s-so you have some awful scar on your heart, right?!”
She sticks her finger against me.
Frau: “Deets plz!”
Frau: “Th-Th-Then I'll stick my finger into the wound and work it out of you.”
Frau: “After I've dug out your wound with my finger, you'll be in tears, and I'll be here to comfort you!”
Frau: “FRAU-CHAN WINS. FLAWLESS VICTORY!”
Kaito: “Please speak Japanese.”
Maybe I'll get Sister Centipede to start interpreting her.
No, none of this actually matters.
I sigh and look out the window again.
Kaito: “When did your mom go missing, Kona-chan?”
Frau: “Wh-Why do you ask?”
Kaito: “Lately, I can't shake the feeling that while everything seems peaceful here, it actually isn't at all.”
Kaito: “I'm starting to feel like your mom might be related to this too.”
Kaito: “Ah, you know what? Forget what I just said.”
Frau: “I-I don't know what to think after hearing that.”
Frau: “But I'll bear it and take the bait!”
Kaito: “Calm yourself.”
To be honest, I previously asked Mizuka-san to look into the whole deal with Frau's mom.
And sure enough, Frau's mom—no, Furugoori Kona's mom—was in fact the director of Gunvarrel, and went missing in 2015.
Frau: “If there's a hint that could help me find Mama, I'll take anything. Please tell me.”
Frau: “I told you before, right?”
Frau: “About why I came to this island...”
Frau: “So I can search for clues about Mama's whereabouts.”
Kaito: “...”
Frau's voice is soft, her head low.
I can't believe this is the same girl who was going crazy and talking nonsense moments ago.
Maybe everything she said is true.
Maybe Kimijima Kou and Frau's mom were both pursued by some unknown third party, and came to this island...
This island where Kimijima Kou was murdered and where Frau's mom disappeared.
Even if they're totally unrelated, two people in similar circumstances vanished on this island in a short period of time.
Can that really be chalked up to coincidence?
They might have something in common.
Misa-nee, I've learned too much and not enough. I can't just forget it all now.
Kaito: “Have you ever heard of the Kimijima Reports?”
Frau: “Kimijima?”
I guess she's never heard of them.
So, I give her a quick summary.
About Kimijima Kou. The Kimijima Reports. And about their contents.
Frau: “Hmm...”
Even after I finish speaking, Frau doesn't take her eyes off the fireworks in the distance.
It's about time for them to end.
The Yoira~Iki Festival doesn't actually have all that many fireworks.
Frau: “Wh-What year was it when, um... that Kimijima Kou guy died?”
Kaito: “2010. Right, Airi-chan?”
Airi: “Yes.”
Frau: “Mama was l-last spotted on this island in 2015.”
Frau: “I-Isn't five years kinda a long time?”
Kaito: “It is.”
Kaito: “In other words, you're trying to say that Kimijima Kou's death and your mom's disappearance are unrelated?”
Frau: “How could I know that?”
Frau: “Th-That's why I'm going to look for those reports with you.”
Kaito: “Wha? With me?”
Frau: “I-It's not like I'm doing it to help you, o-or anything like that.”
Kaito: “What are you trying to say?”
Frau: “How many times do I have to tell you? It's the archetypal tsundere line.”
Kaito: “Was I supposed to laugh?”
Frau: “...”
Frau is squirming around embarrassingly.
Frau: “This is the first clue I've found about Mama's whereabouts since moving here.”
Frau: “I found nothing over the last month. I was starting to worry about what to do next...”
Frau: “N-Not that I really mind getting baited.”
Frau: “A-Actually, I'd be happy if you were leading me on.”
Frau's expression is honest. She does that every once in a while.
At the end of the day, I can tell she still loves her mom.
But helping me look for the Kimijima Reports...?
Kaito: “I'll think about it.”
And before I realize it, the sounds of fireworks are gone.
I guess the festival is over.
I'll meet up with Akiho and go home.
As for why I didn't go to the festival... I'll just put the blame on Frau for that.
