Male Part-timer B: “All right! Raise it up! Slowly! Go slowly!”
Most of the work is now complete.
For the finishing touch, the two cranes raise the robot and begin the process of standing it up.
At this point, there's nothing Junna, me, or even Akiho can do.
We just have to hold our collective breaths while watching over it to see if it stands up safely.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho looks at the robot with unease.
Her shoulders seem super stiff, so I grab onto them as hard as I can.
Akiho: “Owwww!”
Akiho: “What are you doing, Kai?!”
Kaito: “You're gonna get exhausted being so tense.”
Akiho: “...I know.”
Wires are hooked to the waist and legs. The two cranes are skillfully attempting to stand it up. Seems tough.
They're working really carefully.
Anyone would get nervous watching this, not just Akiho.
Nae: “Wow, it's finally complete?”
Tennouji-san strolls by, a smile on her face.
Nae: “What timing! I'm glad I get to be here for this.”
Nae: “Do you mind if I watch?”
Akiho: “Of course not.”
Slowly. Slowly.
The robot starts to straighten out.
Finally in an upright position, it's carefully lowered to the ground.
The bottoms of its feet are firmly planted on the ground.
Akiho: “Whoaaa!”
Kaito: “This is awesome.”
Nae: “It's huge!”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1 rises!”
With Akiho's declaration, there's scattered applause across the airport apron.
Well, only me, Tennouji-san, and Mr. Sumio, to be exact.
Junna: “...!”
Junna is weak-kneed and shrinks back.
Is she scared by the robot's size?
Sumio: “Whoa! Now this is what I call impact! Gahahah!”
Sumio: “And take a look, Akiho-chan! The Space Candy logo shines brilliantly on its shoulder!”
Taro: “Boing-chan! Boing-chan!”
Sumio: “This'll be great advertising!”
Sumio: “I can't stand around! I have to call Nannichi Newspaper for an interview right away!”
Mr. Sumio laughs brightly and leaves our circle to go and make a phone call.
Akiho: “Look, Kai, look! GunBuild-1 is standing!”
Akiho is thrilled.
She's wearing a giant smile on her face.
Hard to believe this is the same gloomy girl from earlier. Talk about a quick mood change.
Granted, I know how passionate Akiho is about robots better than anyone else does, so I get it.
But man, this thing is ugly.
Akiho: “Wow, so this is how big it really is...”
Akiho: “It's even larger than I imagined now that it's standing up!”
Akiho: “Gah! I wanna look up at it from its feet, but they're not finished working. I just gotta hang in there!”
Now that the robot is standing, the workers are removing the wires from it. Once they're done, mission accomplished.
Akiho: “Oh, I can at least take pictures now! C'mon, you take some too, Kai!”
Akiho: “I'm going to send them to Big Sis! I wonder what she'll say when she sees this?”
Akiho: “I bet she'll quote a line from Gunbam, just like me. Hehe.”
Akiho: “Oh, right. I should tag it for ‘IRUO.’ as well.”
Akiho: “Man, I wish I could write well. I'd whip up an awesome intro that'd move everyone who reads it!”
Kaito: “I mean, you could just write a normal one.”
Akiho: “Normal, huh? Normal. I got it!”
Akiho: “Wow, nine years of effort. What a long road it's been. I've been on board ever since Big Sis was making the blueprints.”
Akiho: “In that sense, I guess I've spent the most time with GunBuild-1 out of everyone.”
Akiho: “It hasn't always been easy, but we managed to overcome the odds, and it's finally, finally complete!”
Akiho: “I'm so glad we were able to finish it while I was president!”
Akiho: “Sniff... I'm so glad...”
Akiho's finally moved to tears.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, do you have a handkerchief?”
Akiho: “No...”
She doesn't carry one in her work clothes?
With little choice, I hand her some pocket tissues.
Akiho: “Thanks...”
Kaito: “All right, Madam President. How about taking a closer look?”
Now that the wire removal is complete, the workers have started to pack their things.
I look around for Doc, wondering what kind of face he's making, but don't spot him.
The only people in high spirits in this huge old airport are Akiho, me, Tennouji-san, and Mr. Sumio. Just us.
It's kind of sad.
I sigh as I watch Akiho run off toward the robot.
She then turns to face me.
Akiho: “Tomorrow! Unless it rains, we're doing an operation test!”
Oh, right. We still haven't solved that one teeny issue.
Who's the pilot?
Junna: “...”
Junna is hopeless, seeing how terrified she is by GunBuild-1's size.
Getting Frau out of her room would be a huge pain in the ass.
Which leaves me with Mitchie.
I'm not gonna tell him just yet.
If I told him ahead of time, he'd just try to ditch.
