Ken'ichiro: “...”
After the children leave the press conference room, it's engulfed in a quiet stillness.
I sit down in a chair and let out a small sigh.
It's been more than seven years since I, Senomiya Ken'ichiro, became the Chief of the Tanegashima Space Center.
When we launched rockets, this room was always filled to the brim with project staff, as well as reporters before and after each launch.
There's a press room on the floor below, and the media would set up cameras on the roof, looking to record the launch.
But such hustle and bustle is already four years behind us.
This room in the Takesaki Observatory hasn't been used in years. Today was the first time it was in who knows how long.
The facility hasn't been closed or shrunk. It might be used again one day, so the higher-ups want it maintained.
In other words, while I may have the grand title of Chief, I'm basically a glorified caretaker.
Ken'ichiro: “One day, eh...?”
I wonder if we'll ever see the day when we'll get to launch rockets here again. 
Nae: “Chief Senomiya.”
Tennouji-kun has returned.
Nae: “The children just departed on the bus.”
Ken'ichiro: “Is that so? Well, I never expected my daughter to refuse your proposal.”
Ken'ichiro: “I'm really sorry about all of this.”
I bow my head, but Tennouji-kun shrinks back.
Nae: “Whoa! No, no, it's nothing, really! Please raise your head.”
Nae: “Sure, I wasn't expecting to get rejected either.”
Nae: “But I'm the one using you, Chief.”
Ken'ichiro: “Come on, you're not ‘using’ me.”
Nae: “Then I guess I'm taking advantage of you.”
Nae: “I was very moved when you spoke in Chofu.”
Nae: “How you said you wanted to let students use this place to build a giant robot.”
Ken'ichiro: “You flatter me, hahaha.”
At the start of this month, when my daughter Akiho requested use of TNSC's facilities to assemble her robot, I had no choice but to say no.
But hey, I'm a father. I want to support my daughter and her dream.
I just so happened to have a business trip to Chofu, so I tried consulting with the top brass while I was there.
That's probably what Tennouji-kun is talking about.
Nae: “Plus, I always wanted to do support work for building bipedal robots.”
Nae: “So, I was down for this idea from the get-go.”
Tennouji-kun smiles playfully and sticks out her tongue a little.
Nae: “Without your cooperation, I don't think we would've received the go-ahead this quickly.”
Ken'ichiro: “Oh no, if it weren't for you, I doubt this would have been approved at all.”
Ken'ichiro: “The top officials were hesitant when I spoke to them. I can't believe they had a change of heart in just a few days.”
Despite the small scale of the support work, I've never seen anything get approved this quickly and smoothly.
Ken'ichiro: “I figured maybe you used some kind of magic on them or something.”
Nae: “I just used some negotiation skills. Nothing crazy.”
Nae: “I'm really good at flattering people, ahah.”
If I remember correctly, Tennouji-kun is only 20. What an exceptional young lady.
I'm honestly impressed. In some ways, she reminds me of Misaki when she was younger.
Nae: “But is it really okay not to tell her?”
Ken'ichiro: “About what?”
Nae: “That you were the one who proposed this project to the higher-ups?”
Ken'ichiro: “No, if I did that, she'd get all embarrassed.”
Ken'ichiro: “You're much closer to their age, so you could probably communicate with them better.”
I'm just an old geezer inching closer to retirement.
I'm way past my prime to be talking to youngsters about dreams and the like.
Nae: “I want this support work to expand more and more in the future.”
Nae: “Eventually, students from all across Japan could link up, encouraging them to pursue engineering and the sciences.”
Nae: “After all, there are a lot of young people in Japan who have an interest in robots.”
Ken'ichiro: “Not just young people. There are a lot of old geezers like me who like robots, too.”
Nae: “If anything, older folks might have a stronger attachment to them, ahaha.”
Ken'ichiro: “That's because in the past, there'd be two or three mecha animes on TV every single week.”
Nae: “I'm jealous...”
Nae: “I hope a time comes when, even in real-life Japan, giant robots are a common sight.”
Nae: “I start imagining giant, bipedal robots being used for disaster relief, public work... Ordinary, everyday settings.”
Ken'ichiro: “That's the dream.”
Nae: “I know, right?”
And it'd likely feed back into space development as well.
Robots could be actively used for interstellar exploration.
That's why this work isn't worthless to JAXA.
Nae: “Anyway, while they may have refused earlier, I'm going to try approaching them again.”
Nae: “If I go home now, it'll have made coming all the way out to Tanegashima meaningless.”
Nae: “And seeing how I only just arrived today, I want to learn more about the island, too.”
Nae: “Ah, but of course, my first priority is helping out the Robotics Club. For your sake too, Chief.”
Ken'ichiro: “Don't mind me, hahaha.”
I'm getting more and more embarrassed talking to Tennouji-kun.
She's younger than Misaki, but older than Akiho.
In other words, it kind of feels like I'm talking to my daughters.
They've been cold to me these days, so it's kind of embarrassing when she so openly wants to keep talking to me.
Nae: “Oh, right. I need to check if my luggage arrived at the dorm.”
Nae: “I wonder what it's like there! To tell the truth, this is my first time living on my own.”
Nae: “I'll be taking my leave, Chief.”
Ken'ichiro: “Of course. Take care.”
From start to finish, Tennouji-kun is all smiles as she exits the room.
After seeing her off, I sit down in the center seat of the empty room.
Misaki, huh?
I think about my disobedient daughter who hasn't come home or even contacted us for over six years now.
When she was a high schooler, much like Tennouji-kun, she'd innocently tell me all about her dreams.
Misaki: “Dad. I...”
Misaki: “I created a Robotics Research Association at school.”
Ken'ichiro: “Wow, that's pretty bold of you.”
Misaki: “It's still just an association, but I want to make it a club eventually, and even build a giant robot.”
Ken'ichiro: “A giant robot in a high school club?”
Misaki: “Yup. I don't even care if it's hollow like papier mâché to save money. I just want us to build it ourselves.”
Misaki: “Though I'm the only one in the association right now.”
Misaki: “And I don't know if it's possible to complete something that grand in the three years I have.”
Misaki: “But still, I feel like I'd rather give it a shot than not at all.”
Ken'ichiro: “That's a very you thing to say, Misaki. Hahaha.”
Misaki: “What's that supposed to mean? You know this is your fault, right?”
Ken'ichiro: “How so?”
Misaki: “Don't tell me you were unaware of it all this time.”
Misaki: “Ever since Aki and I were little, you'd go on and on about how amazing mecha anime was.”
Ken'ichiro: “I just wanted my daughters to understand the things I liked.”
Misaki: “Well, thanks to you, both me and Aki ended up loving mecha anime. Now we're a pair of sisters who act like boys.”
Misaki: “Have you ever wished we were boys, Dad?”
Ken'ichiro: “Nope. Not once.”
Misaki: “Then, have you ever thought about giving us a little brother?”
Ken'ichiro: “You shouldn't tease your old man like this, ahahah.”
Misaki: “Anyway...”
Misaki: “I am truly grateful to you, Dad. I like my dream of building a robot quite a bit.”
Misaki: “Did you want to build a robot when you were younger?”
Ken'ichiro: “Indeed I did. Back when Gunbam was airing on TV, I think. I'd always be putting together plastic models.”
Ken'ichiro: “But I always wanted to try building the real thing.”
Ken'ichiro: “There wasn't a single boy back then who didn't think about it.”
Misaki: “That's why I want to make that dream a reality.”
Misaki: “We're 10 years into the 21st century. Right now, with a bit of dedication, it might really be possible.”
Misaki: “By the way, do you think JAXA could give me any parts they don't need for free?”
Ken'ichiro: “Was that the real reason you called me out here to talk?”
Misaki: “Pretty much. I need as much as I can get if I'm going to make this happen.”
Ken'ichiro: “I'm not sure. I'll try talking to the Chief.”
Misaki: “Awesome!”
I recall being surprised as I watched Misaki happily but humbly thrust her fist into the air.
Misaki wasn't the kind of kid who did things like that.
That was reserved for Akiho, her little sister.
That's why I...
Ken'ichiro: “How serious are you about this?”
I just had to know.
Misaki responded like it was the most natural thing in the world.
Misaki: “I'm 100% serious about all of it.”
Misaki: “You better be excited, Dad.”
Misaki: “Even if I can't make it happen in three years, I'm going to sow the seeds.”
Misaki: “And one day, I'm sure it'll be finished. For the first time in history, a homemade giant robot built by high school students.”
Misaki: “It'll easily make the front page news of the Nannichi Newspaper! Hee hee.”
Ken'ichiro: “Ah, I'll look forward to it.”
After that fateful day, Misaki put her everything into building that robot.
Nine years have passed since then.
The Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club has inherited Misaki's work, and now Akiho is the president.
I never thought that a support work proposal for Akiho's club would ever come this close to becoming a reality.
Ken'ichiro: “She really did sow the seeds.”
My daughter has quite the eye.
Now if only she could visit her family at least once a year, I'd have no complaints about my amazing daughter.
Ken'ichiro: “...”
Misaki: “It's just a piece of junk.”
Misaki: “I don't give a damn about it anymore.”
Misaki: “I'm sorry, Dad.”
Ken'ichiro: “...”
I think back on what Misaki suddenly said to me just before leaving the island.
What was going through her head?
Even now, I still don't know why she left, but...
Ken'ichiro: “Misaki, that seed you sowed is finally sprouting.”
Hold on a second. I'm making it sound like Misaki's dead or something.
I can't help but laugh bitterly. 
