I was killing some time playing Golden Wolf Fighter IV when the downpour got really bad.
I'm such an idiot. I thought I knew how scary typhoons could get, but I totally made the wrong call here.
Things really fell apart because of how easily I found the Golden Wolf Fighter IV PokeCom app.
I was planning on giving it a go just for nostalgia's sake, but instead, I ended up going in hard.
It's so insanely tough to get an SSS rank.
Before I knew it, my ego had taken over. It took me two hours to get back to the right mindset, then another two to hit SSS.
I managed to activate the flag, but when I looked up from my screen, four hours had passed and it was storming.
I'm such an idiot...
But I'm the type of guy that can't leave a fighting game unbeaten.
Needless to say, I was so enthralled by Golden Wolf Fighter IV that I forgot to press the dome's button.
The parabolic antenna at the top of the tower is still exposed.
Kaito: “Well, that's a problem...”
I don't have an umbrella, so it'll be impossible to get home without getting soaked.
Sister Centipede: “ warned you beforehand.”
Kaito: “Yeah. I know.”
This is what I get for stumbling upon the first report in such a half-assed way.
But even then, I thought I could do a little better than this.
Kaito: “I guess I'll have Dad come pick me up.”
If he's home, that is.
If not, I'm just gonna have to get wet.
Kaito: “What was that?”
I flinch at the sudden sound of glass shattering.
The strong rain and wind from outside come flowing into the room.
There's a massive hole in the window, almost like someone threw a rock in here.
The floor is covered in shattered glass.
Sitting on top of said glass is a triangle-shaped plate.
I reach down and pick it up.
Kaito: “This is...”
I've seen this somewhere recently...
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, what do you think this is?”
Sister Centipede: “Hm?”
She doesn't know either...
Sister Centipede really is useless.
I inspect the plate again.
Kaito: “It's from the radar dome!”
Er, I guess it's not actually a radar.
Let's not sweat the details right now.
This unique shape is unmistakable.
Sister Centipede: “What's wrong with the plate?”
Kaito: “It came flying in and broke through the window just now.”
It's actually kinda terrifying imagining a large metal plate flying through the air.
If it hit me in the head, I would've instantly died.
Kaito: “Isn't this going to be a problem?”
Sister Centipede: “The dome plate was blown off by the wind?”
Sister Centipede: “In that case, not only the dome, but the antenna itself may also be damaged.”
The tower already looked it was ready to fall.
Sister Centipede: “It is possible that the corrosion due to the sea breeze may have been the cause.”
Sister Centipede: “It is also possible that due to your opening the dome, the plate was rendered defenseless against the weather.”
Sister Centipede: “The rest of the plates may sustain damage moving forward.”
Kaito: “Whoa! Again?!”
I look down at the plate in my hands.
I really can't afford to just sit here and cross my fingers, hoping that nothing goes wrong.
Kaito: “If that dome gets destroyed, what would happen to the flag?”
Sister Centipede: “As long as the switch is there, it is possible that the flag can still be set.”
Sister Centipede: “Conversely, if the tower itself was destroyed, it is possible that you may never be able to set it.”
Kaito: “Is it possible to skip Kimijima Report No. 2 and still understand the contents of No. 3?”
Sister Centipede: “Since  and Sister Centipede do not know the contents of said reports, that question cannot be answered.”
Kaito: “This is such a pain.”
Am I gonna have to hold the tower up myself?
Not only would that be impossible, it'd be pointless.
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, are you trying to make me protect the antenna? If that's the case, you'll have to beat me in a match, first.”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Sister Centipede doesn't fall for my strat.
Her silent treatment is getting to me, so I decide to switch her back to Airi.
Sister Centipede: “Closing Sister Centipede.”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “Big Brother, the typhoon's here.”
Kaito: “I know.”
Airi: “Is that tower going to be okay?”
That's seriously the first thing out of her mouth?
Kaito: “There's nothing I can do about that.”
Airi: “If the antenna breaks, I'll have one less job to do...”
Kaito: “Job?”
Airi: “The job that Master gave me.”
Airi: “He wanted me to make sure that the ‘pipii buu’ sound was still playing.”
Airi: “And then after that, he wanted me to check for any changes.”
Airi: “That's the job I've been doing for the last 10 years.”
Airi: “Once that's gone, I'll have one less thing to do...”
Airi says that with a lonesome smile on her face.
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Hahh, good grief.”
I wish I didn't hear any of that...
