Kaito: “Hmm...”
I've been groaning in front of the drink corner for 15 minutes.
At the register behind me, Mizuka-san is sighing for what feels like the billionth time.
Mizuka: “If you're trying to steal, forget about it. You look way too suspicious.”
She says that to me while reading a newspaper.
Kaito: “How rude. I'm really struggling with what to buy, okay?”
Kaito: “I'm a high schooler with a thin allowance. I have to be careful with where my 100 yen go.”
I'm lying, of course.
I'm actually debating whether or not I should ask Mizuka-san about the Committee of 300.
If I do, I'll end up having to tell her about the Kimijima Reports.
But whenever it comes to Kimijima Kou or Airi, Mizuka-san's reaction is kinda scary.
So, I'm conflicted as to whether I should bring it up or not.
But I can't afford to stand here and deliberate forever.
To ask, or not to ask.
I take a peek at Mizuka-san again.
The steamer off to the side of the register enters my line of sight.
In order to get info, I'll have to eat one of those passion fruit buns.
As it turns out, that's the deciding factor.
All right, I'll give up on asking Mizuka-san for now.
Now that that's decided, my actions are swift and to the point.
I grab a bottle of Fruit Sour Melon and take it to the register.
Mizuka: “You sure look refreshed.”
Mizuka: “Completely different from the look of dread on your face when you came in.”
Mizuka: “I'm guessing you don't need any info, then?”
Kaito: “I-I have no idea what you're talking about.”
Mizuka: “Kai, what're you hiding?”
Kaito: “It's got nothing to do with you, Mizuka-san.”
Mizuka: “You better not make me angry.”
Gaaaaaah, she's terrifying!
Her sharp gaze pierces through my body.
I'm like a frog being stared down by a vicious snake.
What did I do to deserve this death stare?! I didn't even say anything!
Nae: “Oh?”
Tennouji Nae enters the store while I'm still petrified.
Nae: “Yashio-kun, right? G'morning! Er, good afternoon?”
Kaito: “Oh, hi.”
Mizuka: “Welcome. Are you from JAXA?”
Nae: “Yup! I just arrived on the island the day before yesterday.”
Nae: “Do you come here often, Yashio-kun?”
Kaito: “I guess so, yeah.”
Saved by the bell. Thanks to Tennouji Nae's swift intervention, I've been freed from Mizuka-san's Medusa gaze.
I was honestly about to cave and spill the beans.
Nae: “Akiho-chan seemed kinda lonely. You should go help her.”
Kaito: “I'm just not into that sorta thing.”
More importantly, I can't let this opportunity pass me by.
I place some coins on the counter to pay for the drink and rush outside.
There's a fancy bike parked in front of the store.
Is this one of those mountain bikes?
Wait, don't tell me she biked here all the way from TNSC?!
That's a 15-kilometer trip, give or take.
That can't be an easy ride.
Nae: “Are you interested in my bike?”
Tennouji Nae comes strolling outside.
She's holding a sports drink.
Nae: “I try to bike about 50 kilometers a day.”
Nae: “Truth be told, I really wanna do 100 kilometers...”
Nae: “But at that point, I'd probably get confused over what my actual job is. Ahaha.”
Kaito: “You bike in that outfit?”
Nae: “When I'm seriously biking, I wear a cycling jersey. But if I'm just gonna work up a light sweat, I don't bother.”
Nae: “Wanna try giving it a ride?”
Kaito: “Nah, I'm good.”
Nae: “C'mon, you don't gotta hold back!”
Nae: “Oh, that reminds me. With everything that went on the other day, I didn't get to properly greet you.”
Nae: “It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance!”
Tennouji Nae sticks her hand out with no hesitation.
I guess she wants me to shake hands?
I'm not quite as on-guard with her as I was before, but she still scares me a little.
Keeping those thoughts to myself, I take her hand and shake it.
Mizuka: “Stop blushing, Kai.”
Kaito: “...”
The automatic doors open, and Mizuka-san pokes her head out to drop her zinger. She then immediately vanishes.
Was she watching the whole time?
Nae: “She's right. Your face is red.”
Tennouji-san inches close to my face, still holding my hand.
Kaito: “There aren't too many people out here in the middle of nowhere that greet each other with a handshake is all.”
I think Akiho's probably the only one.
Nae: “Yeah, I bet. Folks in Tokyo say that, too.”
Nae: “My dad was raised in France, so I always thought this was normal.”
Nae: “We also hug and rub cheeks when we greet people.”
Kaito: “What?”
Nae: “I put my cheek to yours, and we rub them together.”
Kaito: “Oh, I've seen that in movies and stuff.”
Nae: “Wanna give it a try?”
Kaito: “I'll pass.”
Nae: “I figured you'd say that...”
Nae: “When I hugged Akiho-chan earlier, she seemed really surprised.”
Kaito: “I'm kinda jealous.”
Nae: “Of who?”
Kaito: “Akiho.”
Nae: “Ohoh. Not the other way around?”
It's not quite a hug, but whenever she has an attack, I usually hold her by the shoulders, so...
Kaito: “Nah, not really.”
Nae: “So then, you should be more than fine hugging me, right?”
Tennouji Nae starts getting fidgety, like she really wants to give me a hug.
Kaito: “If you want to hug me that badly, you have to beat me first. Then I'd be happy to oblige.”
Nae: “Beat you?”
Kaito: “At Kill-Ballad.”
Nae: “Oh, the fighting game!”
Nae: “Then next time, let's fight!”
Kaito: “Hoh. Are you strong?”
Nae: “I have no clue! I've never played before.”
“I was into other fighting games four or five years ago,” she says with a sinister smile as she unlocks her bike.
Nae: “Anyway, I'll be dropping by again! Say hi to Akiho-chan and the others for me♪”
And just like that, she blissfully rides off into the distance on her mountain bike.
She's fast. Her acceleration is fairly impressive.
If she can ride that fast in those clothes, she must really be a pro.
