The typhoon passed through Honshu that evening.
It's perfect outside, almost like nothing ever happened.
The sky is clear and blue.
Kaito: “I'm home.”
As soon as I get to my bedroom, I plop down on my bed.
Kaito: “Hahh, I'm seriously dead.”
I'd love to lie down, but I know I'll crash if I do, so I resist the urge.
Last night, Akiho rescued me from the tower in the middle of the typhoon.
It wasn't long before her dad, mine, and a bunch of other people from the area popped up. It was a big deal.
The two of us were safely brought down, and after being put on an IV at the hospital, I got to go home the next day.
In the afternoon, I'm supposed to visit the neighbors with my family to thank them and to apologize for the trouble.
But since I was dying to get Report No. 2, I made a beeline for Uchugaoka Park first thing in the morning.
My hard work last night paid off. The flag for the dome switch was set properly.
All that was left was to clear the go-kart course in under 30 seconds and report the record via ‘IRUO.’ geotag.
It was easy. I just went to the go-kart area, wrote a fake record into the geotag there, and voilà.
The problem came after all of that.
After setting all the flags, Kimijima Report No. 2 most definitely appeared... somewhere.
But since I had no clue where that ‘somewhere’ was, I had to search the park high and low with PokeCom in hand.
I finally ended up finding it at the tip of the H-Ⅱ Rocket monument located at the park entrance.
I never would've thought it'd be in such an obvious place. I kinda feel like I was played.
Granted, according to Sister Centipede, all of the flags have to be unlocked for an AR annotation to appear.
Fortunately for me, that means that Report No. 2 is now safe inside of my PokeCom.
Airi: “Big Brother, let's go for a walk♪ It's super nice today.”
And that also explains why Airi, who is attached to the reports, is currently in my room.
Kaito: “I just got home...”
Airi: “But I can't see anything inside!”
Kaito: “Then why don't you just go outside?”
Airi: “But I wanna talk to you more, Big Brother!”
Kaito: “Then just read me the weather report or something.”
Airi: “You don't mind?”
Airi: “Okay♪ Then I'll start with Okinawa and go all the way to Hokkaido.”
Akiho: “Kai!”
There she is...
My loud childhood friend comes storming into my room without knocking.
Though I guess I have no right to complain about that.
Especially considering I always barge into her room.
Akiho: “You were at the park again earlier, weren't you?”
Ruh-roh, she's pissed.
Kaito: “Glad you noticed.”
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
Kaito: “...”
And now I have to fix my hair before doing the rounds.
Akiho: “Did you forget how many people you had worried last night?! What are you thinking?!”
Kaito: “It's not like I climbed the tower again or anything. No need to worry.”
Akiho: “You just got home from the hospital, and then you disappear.”
Akiho: “My mom was about to go looking for you all over again!”
Kaito: “Look, I'm sorry. I'll go apologize later.”
Kaito: “But there was something I absolutely had to get my hands on.”
Akiho: “Something you had to get your hands on? Like what?”
Kaito: “I can't tell you.”
Akiho: “Didn't I save you yesterday?!”
Kaito: “That's that. This is this.”
Kaito: “If you really have to know, we can duel for the deets.”
Akiho: “Whatever.”
Akiho turns away, offended.
I really want to avoid letting my friends in on this report stuff. It's sketchy, and I don't want them involved.
Junna's the only one who does know, and she's only aware of Report No. 1. I'm not telling her about the rest.
Kaito: “Oh, and by the way, Aki-chan, you were totally like a hero of justice yesterday.”
Kaito: “Seriously, thanks.”
Akiho: “You don't need to thank me.”
Akiho: “Ever since what happened on the Anemone, you and I are one in body and soul.”
Akiho: “You've saved me tons of times too. Let's call it even.”
She's right. Ever since we got diagnosed with Elephant-Mouse Syndrome, we've been helping each other.
We basically do everything together.
When one of us is having an attack, the other looks after them.
While I consider myself Akiho's guardian of sorts, she always saves my butt when I have an attack.
Kaito: “That means a lot to me.”
Akiho: “Just don't go acting on your own so much, okay?”
Akiho: “It took me forever to find you last night.”
Kaito: “I'll do my best.”
Akiho: “Oh, and no more secrets.”
Kaito: “Yeah, yeah.”
I can't promise her that.
I want to locate the rest of the Kimijima Reports on my own, if possible.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai?”
Akiho: “Did you climb that tower in the middle of last night's typhoon because there was something you wanted?”
Kaito: “Yeah, but I'm not gonna tell you what it is.”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Airi: “Big Brother, Akiho, no fighting!”
Airi: “This is the perfect time for a nice and cozy weather report!”
Akiho: “Wha...?”
Akiho is clearly dumbfounded by Airi's voice.
She looks around the room in a panic.
Airi: “The weather today, August 1st, for the Yonaguni region of Okinawa Prefecture, will be clear with south winds.”
Airi: “The weather today, for the Ishigaki region of Okinawa Prefecture, will be clear with south winds.”
Akiho: “Kai! I can hear a girl's voice!”
Kaito: “That's because Airi is in here.”
Akiho: “For real?! Where?”
Kaito: “Right here.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Airi's a ghost...”
Kaito: “It's way too much of a pain to explain this, so can you give Aki-chan the basic rundown of what's going on, Airi-chan?”
Airi: “But didn't you say you wanted to hear the weather?”
Kaito: “You can tell me all about it later.”
Kaito: “By the way, Airi-chan can't actually see anything when she's inside, so could you go talk to her outside?”
Akiho: “Huh? Umm, what?”
Kaito: “Go outside and boot up ‘IRUO.’ You'll see.”
Akiho: “O-Okay...”
Akiho's about to exit the room, a puzzled look on her face.
Akiho: “Oh, and Kai.”
Akiho: “You can skip club today, so make sure you rest. Got it?”
Akiho: “All right, nocchiyo.”
Akiho departs.
Kaito: “I'll gladly take you up on that offer.”
After I do the rounds, I'll just chill for the rest of the day.
I'll have plenty of time to read Kimijima Report No. 2 after that.
