The next day, Akiho announces that we have the day off from club, so I have some free time on my hands.
Which can only mean one thing.
Kill-Ballad!
It really does feel great to play Kill-Ballad under the blue sky.
It's been almost two hours since I ate lunch at home and came here.
I'm feeling really fulfilled. It's been ages since I've been able to play KB without anything on my mind.
KB rocks♪
I'd gotten a little out of practice, but it didn't take long to get back into the flow of things.
First, I input combos slowly so my muscle memory would set in. Then, I input hundreds of combos at full speed, mistakes and all.
It took about an hour to warm up. I then started putting my skills to the test online.
I'm doing good.
I take a breath and look around the park with ‘IRUO.’
I spot Airi standing on the roof of the community center.
What's she doing up there?
I decide to take a break and check up on her.
I come up near the tower.
When I look up at it standing there, I remember the whole typhoon incident, and my knees shake a little.
Kaito: “Airi-chan.”
I try calling to her.
If someone saw me, they'd hear me yelling a girl's name to nobody. They'd probably think I was some weirdo.
Sister Centipede: “What is it, Yashio-san?”
Airi jumps two stories down from the roof.
Her landing is gentle. Weightless, even.
Upon closer inspection, she has a glowing icon on her forehead.
She must be in Sister Centipede mode.
Wait, if she can switch at will, why does she make me tap her head every time?
Kaito: “What were you doing?”
Sister Centipede: “Confirming the progress of a verification test.”
Sister Centipede: “Presently, Japan Standard Time, year 2019 AD, month 8, day 11. Reporting test number 2946.”
Kaito: “What's the test for?”
Sister Centipede: “An experiment using the EGI System.”
So basically, she's sending that weird noise into space.
Kaito: “The reason you're sending that sound into space is classified, right?”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Kaito: “Do you send it every day?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
Kaito: “Have you gotten results?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes. Right now, in fact.”
Kaito: “Huh? What do you mean by—”
There's a sound from the grass behind me.
The sound of something moving?
Is it a snake? Maybe a stray cat?
If it's a snake, it'd suck to get bitten.
Maybe I should go up to the second floor instead of standing here and talking.
Before I can finish that thought, I nonchalantly look up at the sky and spot something.
Kaito: “What the heck is that?”
There's something that looks like a meteorite falling from the sky.
But it doesn't seem to be falling very fast.
Still, if that hit someone in the head, it could be fatal.
With the blue sky as its backdrop, the meteorite gradually lowers in altitude.
Eventually falling into the grass nearby.
There's no huge impact or shaking or anything. It just kind of falls with a tiny thud.
I've never seen a meteorite fall so close!
Since the crash site is nearby, I walk over without even thinking about it.
Kaito: “What the...?”
It's a lot smaller than I thought.
It's about the size of a pachinko ball.
The surface is black, and it looks pretty hard.
It's still giving off a red glow, probably from the frictional heat.
Why did this fall?
I've lived on this island for 18 years, but this is the first time something like this has happened.
Could it be related to the sound Sister Centipede sent up?
I cautiously reach out to the meteorite.
Kaito: “Whoa!”
It discharged electricity!
Taking a closer look, I notice that it's not black so much as it's a rusted color.
And its luminescence doesn't go away. Maybe it isn't because of the heat?
It almost looks like it's blinking and pulsating from inside... Is that even possible?
Kaito: “What the heck is this thing?”
Sister Centipede: “A monopole.”
Kaito: “Wha?”
Sister Centipede quietly says something.
Kaito: “What? Can you say that again?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes. It's a monopole.”
Kaito: “Hoh, a monopole...”
Kaito: “...”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Kaito: “What's that?”
I had no way of knowing it was the name of a Nobel Prize-worthy particle that'd change human science and tech forever...
