It's like a sight straight out of Gulliver's Travels.
Under the cloudy but blue sky, a bunch of brawny men swarm around Gulliver as he lies down.
They appear to be part-timers hired by the President of the Space Candy Company, Mr. Sumio.
They don't seem too enthusiastic, but they're more than strong enough to help with this work, so it's not an issue.
I catch sight of Doc among those brawny men.
Akiho visited a bunch of local workshops around the island for help, but in the end, only Doc showed up.
Seeing how he came all the way out here, he must've taken a liking to her.
Maybe that strictness of his is just a form of tough love.
As for Mitchie, the guy he's at loggerheads with? Well, he's holding down the fort at school.
Mr. Sumio is as jovial as ever. On the condition that Junna presents her new kata in the future, he brought two cranes.
Today's assembly work is attaching the robot's upper body and lower body.
After that, we go straight into the big event: making it stand.
Akiho told all members to be here, but I've only been watching from a distance, playing KB the whole time.
Today is heavy duty work, so there's nothing for an amateur like me to do—not that I ever help anyway.
That said...
I take a look at the robot in between Kill-Ballad matches, and even I find myself kind of moved.
Kaito: “I never thought that thing would ever leave the garage.”
Junna: “Ahah, that's...”
The first time I visited this hangar was a month before entering high school.
Akiho was eager to get on top of the matter, saying she wanted to greet her upperclassmen before starting school.
At the time, the robot was already split into upper and lower body chunks. Both halves were laying in the hangar.
Those very same halves are now sitting outside on the wide airport apron. They've finally been brought together.
They put down rails, and the robot was set on big pedestals via the cranes. The halves are kept level while they work.
After bringing them together, Akiho starts putting the connector bolts into the waist section.
I'm betting Doc's leading the charge. Without the old man here, there's no way this'd go so smoothly.
Junna: “Are those bolts really enough to, um... keep the upper body attached?”
Junna: “I kinda feel like it'll snap in half when it stands up...”
Junna: “Oh, um, I'm not saying it'll definitely snap in half or anything. That's just the impression I have, I guess.”
Kaito: “Well, apparently the top half is pretty light.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan said the cockpit is hollow, and the armor is just decorative.”
Junna: “Decorative...”
Even the arms are just tin plates bent into shape, so they're hollow inside. Just for show. No servomotors either.
They wanted to use aluminum to make it even lighter, but tin plate is cheaper, so they went with that.
In other words, the upper body is basically a papiermâché model.
While the upper body has the engine, fuel tank, generator, and batteries, all the weight is in its waist.
Kaito: “The center of gravity is pretty low. She was boasting about how that makes it more stable.”
If Subaru was here, he'd probably explain it in painfully minute detail.
He's playing hooky today because there are too many outsiders around.
Kaito: “So, Jun-chan. Feeling up to the task of piloting that thing?”
Junna: “Ngh...”
She shakes her head back and forth, tears seemingly forming in her eyes.
Kaito: “But our sponsor seems really intent on having you do it.”
Mr. Sumio has a huge body, so it's easy to spot him quickly even at this distance.
He's talking to Akiho while she works. He's holding what looks like a tapestry or poster with the Space Candy Company logo on it.
Kaito: “That must be the sticker.”
He's probably insisting on sticking it somewhere on the robot's body.
I mean, as our sponsor, that's totally his right.
As for whether Akiho'll agree to it? Well, who knows.
Junna: “I-I can't... I'm too scared... sniff.”
Kaito: “...”
She actually started crying.
I'm kind of amazed she was able to do karate with such frail mental strength.
Not that I don't understand how she's feeling. I certainly don't wanna ride in that thing.
I'm not that confident about a robot Akiho made.
But this is going to be a problem.
If Junna can't pilot it, I'm next in line.
That said, I'm not going down without a fight.
But then who could Akiho get next?
Actually, Frau might be a good fit.
If we can just force her into the cockpit, she'll naturally shut herself inside afterward.
Even if it fell over or caught fire, I doubt Frau would even think to escape.
As a last resort, we could always stuff Mitchie inside of it.
Our delinquent teacher was the founding president of the club, after all.
I heard that when Misa-nee proposed the GunBuild Project, Mitchie gave it the go sign as president.
Thus, Mitchie has the right to be the first to pilot the completed robot. Actually, it's his duty.
Kaito: “All right, let's go with that. This could work out.”
Kaito: “No worries, Jun-chan. You won't need to pilot that thing.”
Junna: “Huh, r-really?”
Kaito: “Yeah, leave everything to me.”
Junna: “Yashio-kun... sniff, thank you... I'm sorry for being a burden...”
Kaito: “Hey, no worries. It's not like I'm taking your place or anything.”
Junna: “Er... Wha?”
Hm, I feel like Akiho's been bowing her head a whole bunch to the part-timers over there.
I inch closer to the robot and try to listen in.
Male Part-timer A: “Little lady, we're gonna need better directions than that.”
Akiho: “Gosh, I'm sorry!”
Male Part-timer A: “Should I wire it up to here?”
Akiho: “Umm, I-I'd need to go and get the manual...”
Male Part-timer A: “Then hurry up and get it.”
Akiho: “Okay, hold on just a sec!”
Male Part-timer B: “Hey, should I start readying up the crane?”
Akiho: “Oh, yes, please do!”
Male Part-timer C: “Where's the last bolt for this?”
Akiho: “Ahh, huh, wha? Where did it go?”
Male Part-timer B: “Is the assembly not done yet? Is it really okay to take the crane?”
Akiho: “P-Please wait just a little bit!”
Sumio: “And so, President, I really do want to put the sticker right here on the yellow part in the middle of the chest.”
Akiho: “Huh? Wait, no, no, no!”
Wow... what a mess.
Kaito: “...”
Junna: “U-Um, maybe we should help?”
Kaito: “Probably.”
Kaito: “But it's not like we know anything about this robot.”
Heck, even Akiho kept us in the dark about today.
If we stepped foot into that chaos and asked to be taught about stuff, things would just get more savage.
Kaito: “All right. I'm gonna do some shopping.”
Junna: “Y-Y-Yashio-kun, are you, um, running away?!”
Kaito: “You're coming with me, Jun-chan.”
Junna: “But... we can't leave Akiho-chan by herself...”
Kaito: “It'll be fine! No worries. I need someone to carry stuff anyway.”
Junna: “C-Carry stuff...?”
I ignore Junna's confused look of guilt and start walking off.
