Kaito: “Hahh... That took forever.”
By the time three hours had passed, I was dead.
Standing up in and of itself wasn't so bad.
But having to hold my PokeCom up the whole time was worse than I expected.
It certainly didn't help that the tide rose midway through, and my feet were buried beneath the waves.
My shoes are soaked. I really should've worn sandals.
I gotta do this for two more days?
I'm really starting to believe in the “Kimijima Kou is a Sadist” theory more and more.
I collapse on the beach, and the sand is toasty from absorbing the sunlight.
But after spending three hours in the shade, the heat is kinda cozy.
Kaito: “So...”
Kaito: “You're still at it?”
Frau: “This is totally unwinnable...”
Frau looks like she's about to cry as she continues trying to stack rocks.
Kaito: “How many have you gotten to stay?”
Frau: “...”
Frau avoids making eye contact with me.
Frau: “I-I keep stacking and stacking, but they fall right away.”
Frau: “I'm the modern Sisyphus!”
What's with that look of ecstasy on her face?
Kaito: “I can't believe you've made zero progress in three hours. You should've figured something out.”
Frau: “It was the tengu... The tengu did it, I swear.”
She's trying to escape from reality.
Kaito: “You might be a genius programmer, but you suck at simple stuff like this, huh?”
Frau nods her head in response.
Frau: “Our fate is in your hands.”
Wait, wait. Hold on.
Frau: “I'll switch to m-massaging your sodden toes, Senpai.”
Kaito: “I'll pass.”
Airi: “I believe in you♪”
Airi: “Good luck, Big Brother!”
Why did I even bring her along?
Kaito: “Kona-chan, stop trying to ditch and help me out.”
I gather the tagged rocks and stand in front of the gate.
Kaito: “Why is this the thing holding us up?”
I carefully place the first rock on top of the gate, annoyed.
It ended up taking a grand total of two hours to stack up 36 rocks. It's already dark.
Since there are no street lights anywhere, the moonlight serves as the only illumination.
It's kind of a minor miracle that I cleared a flag in this darkness.
