Our first struggle came in the form of locating 36 rocks that were the right shape and size for stacking.
Combine that with setting geotags for each and every one, and suddenly a huge chunk of time had zoomed by.
I'm trying to stack them as quickly as I can.
Kaito: “It's no good... There's nowhere to put them.”
Given how the rocks on the gate haven't been blown off, they must be pretty stable.
But the ones we try to put on top of those just won't sit still.
Every rock I put on top of the gate just falls right off.
This is gonna require a gentler touch than I was prepared for. Oh, boy.
And so I decide to put this task to the side for now.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, since there's two of us, let's split the work.”
Kaito: “Which one do you wanna do?”
Kaito: “Stack stones here until you get it right...”
Kaito: “Or keep your PokeCom focused on the geotag in the cavern for three hours every day for three days.”
Frau: “Wh-Why don't you do both?”
Kaito: “I said we're splitting the work.”
Frau: “Th-Then I'll stack rocks.”
Damn, I would've picked this too.
Kaito: “Aren't you worried about getting a bad sunburn?”
Frau: “I-I thought something like this might happen, so I brought sunscreen. 2ez.”
I personally think Frau could use a bit of color, but oh well.
Kaito: “Fine. I'll head for the cavern then. Meet up with me when you finish stacking rocks.”
I doubt it'll take three hours to wrap that up, after all.
Kaito: “If you try and run off, I'll make sure you'll never be able to live on this island. Have fun.”
Frau: “H-How very chuunibyou of you...”
It wasn't supposed to be funny.
This cave here is called the Chikura Cavern.
The entrance by the beach is low and narrow at first, but opens up into a wider space once you hit the ocean.
At high tide, the waves push into the cave in several spots. There's room for about 1,000 people to sit inside.
That's why Chikura is written with the kanji for “thousand” and “sit.” Or so said the sightseeing map.
Locals like me rarely go out of their way to come here.
That's why even I feel like I'm about to get lost.
It doesn't help that I have no idea where this supposed geotag is. I gotta look around.
After wandering for some 10 minutes, I finally locate the geotag on the wall. It's almost 1:00 p.m.
There's clearly no reason for this geotag to be here.
It reads ‘Flag 3 13-16 x3’, which would be odd to anyone who didn't already know what they were looking for.
People would probably assume it was e-graffiti, or that visiting tourists stuck it there to commemorate their visit.
But as someone who knows about the flags, it's incredibly clear to me that this is a Kimijima Report flag.
Did Kimijima Kou stand here 10 years ago and attach this geotag here?
As my mind fills with these thoughts, I capture the tag within my PokeCom screen.
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “I seriously have to sit here for three hours?”
Kaito: “Cut me some slack.”
I can't even play Kill-Ballad to pass the time.
I have to stay standing the whole time and hold my PokeCom up.
It might be summer, but the splashing waves are cold.
This is gonna suck more than I thought.
And what about the tides?
This place supposedly fills with seawater at high tide.
I-I'll just book it if that happens.
I guess I'll have Airi keep me company for now...
