Kaito: “I found it!”
I knew it'd be here.
Airi: “Report No. 3 has been downloaded♪”
Airi: “You can read it in the viewer at any time.”
What a real pain.
Report No. 2 wouldn't have been so bad if it weren't for the typhoon's timing. That was the major issue.
But the flags for this report were both time-consuming and tedious.
Apparently, there are seven reports in total. I wonder if the other flags are going to be this bad. I might break if they are.
Either way, it's time to take a look at this thing.
I still vividly recall February 1st, 2010—the day the President of the United States announced the termination of the Constellation Project.
His statement contained the following information:
“The funds that were previously allocated to the Constellation Program will be repurposed primarily to allow for robot-led space exploration missions.Furthermore, they will also be used to support the development of manned rockets by private enterprises. Finally, a portion of the funds will be set aside for future use in order to fund the development of next-generation engines that will send astronauts beyond low-Earth orbit and into deep space.”
That is what was said to the public. However, very few know it was all merely in preparation for Project Atum.
Project Atum—spearheaded by the Tavistock Institute—was approved by the group they are operating under, the Committee of 300, as No. 114 in their attempts regarding the Human Domestication Project.
After Project Noah ended in failure in 2009, this project was seen as a similarly promising venture by the Committee of 300.
Specifically, it will directly interfere with the Sun at its period of maximum activity, artificially generate a solar corona,and then release it as a solar magnetic storm.
The resulting solar storm would be the largest in recorded history.
Expected damages would be the annihilation of roughly half of the human population, as well as massive changes to the global environment that would further increase the number of deceased.The ultimate goal is to end the lives of five billion people.
The project was founded based on research from NASA that predicted the Sun would enter a ten-year-long period of maximum activity beginning in 2012, which was recognized by Tavistock and then propagated shortly after.
This was performed by deliberately leaking NASA’s research worldwide, and in 2009, the Hollywood film known as “2012” was produced in order to associate the year 2012 with the apocalypse.
Also in 2009, the Committee of 300 learned from a report by NASA's Interstellar Boundary Explorer (IBEX) that the reason for the Sun's increased activity was the influence of an interstellar-sized energy ribbon (cosmic string) drawing close to the solar system. Project Atum was further adjusted as a result, and they moved to execute the plan in 2015.
The Committee recognizes that the execution of Project Atum would wreak havoc across the Earth, so they plan to provide wealthy people connected to the Committee of 300 refuge in shelters either on the Moon or deep underground.
Thanks to the spread of carbon nanotubes, the possibility of constructing a space elevator from geostationary orbit to the Moon is being considered by the Committee, which would eliminate the need to travel there by rocket. However, due to the low prospect of completion by 2015, the construction of underground shelters is currently the more realistic option.
For several years after 2015, the surface of the Earth would be nearly uninhabitable due to the environmental changes; the only planned activity on the surface would be performed by livestock (including humans) as well as the autonomous robots managing them.
Project Mars—running concurrently with Project Atum—will have a large selection of companies serving under the Committee of 300 develop and build robots no later than 2012.
This explosive technological progress will make autonomous, life-sized robots commonplace by 2015, and once this is achieved, research on giant robots for military use will commence shortly after.
I will discuss Project Mars separately, but know this. All manufacturers that were unheard of in 2009 but become top global corporations by 2015 will all be connected directly to the Committee of 300.
Japan's Exoskeleton, America's U.S. Robocom, and the United Kingdom's Liverpool Tech all must be given particular attention.
The amount of information here is dizzying.
But still...
There's one name that stands out to me.
Kaito: “The Exoskeleton Company...”
I never expected to see that name show up in a conspiracy theory from a decade ago.
Is this just coincidence?
Is it unavoidable?
Misaki: “Forget all of this.”
I end up reading too much into her words.
I desperately want this all to be a coincidence. I mean, Misa-nee only joined ExCo two years ago.
She had nothing to do with the company at the time this report was written.
And she's not even part of the top brass.
She's just a test pilot and a PR girl.
Kaito: “Then what the heck was that call about?”
Misaki: “Forget the Kimijima Reports.You mustn't search for them anymore.”
Kaito: “What exactly did she mean...?”
Not to mention, Misa-nee apparently knew Kimijima Kou.
Kaito: “Hey, Airi-chan.”
Airi: “Yeees? Would you like to hear the weather report?”
Kaito: “No. You said you were friends with Misa-nee, right?”
Airi: “Yes! But not ‘Misa-nee.’ Misaki.”
Kaito: “Did Misa-nee and Kimijima Kou ever meet in person and talk?”
Airi: “They did, but Misaki mostly spent her time talking to me, not Master.”
Airi: “Misaki was my first friend, after all.”
Airi: “And Master didn't talk much with people.”
Kaito: “What did Misa-nee and Kimijima Kou talk about?”
Airi: “Misaki would ask Master questions once in a while. Maybe she was interested in him?”
Kaito: “What kinds of questions?”
Airi: “About my functions. About ‘IRUO.’ About Tokyo.”
Airi: “Also if he was married. Whether he liked living on Tanegashima or not.”
Airi: “That's about it♪”
Kaito: “...”
It's all just small talk.
But I mean, that's normal, right?
Misa-nee was only a high schooler at the time.
Kimijima Kou was the amazing guy from Tokyo who made Airi and ‘IRUO.’ It'd be odd if Misa-nee wasn't interested.
Kaito: “Did they seem close?”
Airi: “I was closer to her than he was. She spent more time talking to me overall.”
It almost sounds like Airi is competing with her master or something.
Or maybe that's just how important her relationship with Misa-nee was. Especially as her first friend.
Kaito: “Did you ever hear them argue?”
Airi: “Argue? Nope.”
Airi: “If that happened, I'd be sad.”
Kaito: “...”
Is she really remembering things correctly?
Airi's an AI. Unlike humans, her past experiences don't grow hazy over time. It's all stored server-side. Supposedly.
I have no idea how she works.
Kaito: “Do you have any images of your master stored somewhere? I'd like to take a look, if possible.”
Airi: “Hmm, nope.”
Kaito: “Wait, really? Not a single one?”
Airi: “Nope♪”
Airi answers with a smile.
Airi: “Master used me and Sister Centipede to thoroughly erase all of those images.”
Airi: “That's why there are none.”
Kimijima Kou erased them himself.
Because he was pursued by the Committee of 300?
Because he didn't want anyone to recognize his face?
Kaito: “Is there no way to pull an image out from your memories?”
Airi: “No, there isn't.”
Airi shakes her head, looking like she wants to say, “That's outrageous.”
Airi: “I have no function like that.”
Kaito: “I see...”
But I'm curious about Misa-nee...
I get the feeling if I search for more Kimijima Reports, I'll learn something that I'll regret ever knowing.
Misaki: “If you get involved any further, you'll regret it.”
I really am starting to regret it, Misa-nee.
There's a side of you unknown to me attached to these reports.
I just hope I'm overthinking things.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, there are seven Kimijima Reports, right?”
Kaito: “Could you tell me what the remaining flags are?”
Airi: “Okaaay♪”
Airi: “Please switch me over to Sister Centipede.”
It's a real pain to have to do this every single time.
Bleh, no point pushing back. I tap on Airi's face.
Airi: “Eek...”
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede Mode.”
Sister Centipede: “Hello, Yashio-san.”
Sister Centipede: “Allow me to give you information pertaining to Kimijima Report No. 4.”
Sister Centipede: “Unfortunately, flag information for No. 5 has been locked because you haven't yet obtained Report No. 4.”
Kaito: “Seriously?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
I guess I gotta do this in order.
You sure made this whole thing a huge pain, Kimijima Kou-san.
Sister Centipede: “The exact location of Report No. 4's AR annotation is currently unknown.”
Sister Centipede: “Downloading unlock conditions (flags) to make the AR annotation visible.”
Sister Centipede: “Complete...”
Sister Centipede: “I will now explain the flags for Report No. 4.”
Sister Centipede: “1. ‘Locate Kimijima Report No. 3.’ Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 1 has already been set.’”
Sister Centipede: “2. ‘Upload photographs of rocket launches from four suggested viewing points on Tanegashima to ‘IRUO.’’”
Sister Centipede: “The four suggested viewing points are as follows:”
Sister Centipede: “Hasetenbo Park. Uchugaoka Park. Nanairozaka Viewing Platform. Takesaki Observatory.”
Sister Centipede: “3. ‘Activate Gojiro-kun, stored at the Robot Clinic.’”
Sister Centipede: “4. ‘Test-fire a geotagged matchlock gun at least once.’”
Sister Centipede: “That is all.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Give me a break...”
Kaito: “Not only are these becoming more of a pain in the ass, some of them aren't even possible!”
Kaito: “There hasn't been a rocket launch on this island in four years!”
Kaito: “And who the hell is Gojiro-kun?! I sure as hell don't know him!”
Kaito: “And nobody would ever let me fire a matchlock gun! It's dangerous!”
We've hit “Very Hard” on the difficulty scale.
I'm already feeling bummed out.
I was planning on collecting all seven reports, but now?
Kaito: “I guess I'm gonna have to think long and hard about how I can make this happen.”
I decide to head home for the day, completely discouraged.
