I get out of the bathtub and dry my hair with a towel as I return to my room.
Since it's the middle of summer, even though I'm in shorts and a T-shirt, it's still hot enough for me to sweat.
That's why my glasses have fogged up. Since I can't see anything, I wipe the lenses with my towel.
My vision suddenly started to fall apart during junior high school.
My time was spent reading books and hobby robot manuals with nothing but a desk light. Before I knew it, I needed glasses.
I think that was the first time my dad got mad at me because of my interest hobby robots.
Subaru: “Robots, eh...?”
The Prez's words from this afternoon are still with me.
Akiho: “I'm thinking of making GunBuild-2.”
My gaze is subconsciously pointed toward the corner of my room.
There's a cardboard box sitting there.
The top is wide open.
Through the opening I can see numerous pieces of hobby robot parts.
My “partner,” who I had won 3 ROBO-ONE tournaments with, is stored there, now in pieces after I dismantled it.
The reason why I put it in such a clear place is to show Dad that I haven't touched it since I took it apart.
But even after disassembling it and not being able to tinker with it anymore, I wanted my late partner to be nearby.
I stand in front of the box...
...and stare deep into it.
I don't dare touch it.
I promised myself I wouldn't when I took M45 apart.
So all I can do is look.
Akiho: “You're going to be helping me design GunBuild-2!”
Hey, M45?
I wonder why...
Though I've put an end to it.
I gave up on my dream, my hobby, and decided to follow in Dad's footsteps.
But when I think about getting to help build a brand new robot...
I can't help but burst into a smile.
Even though I took you apart.
I'm excited about building a new robot again.
I tried my best to keep my cool in front of the Prez and Yashio-senpai, but...
I think the last time I was this excited was when I won my first ROBO-ONE as Mr. Pleiades.
I'm sorry, M45.
But it looks like I'm going to keep dreaming for just a little while longer.
This will be my last dream.
And I won't fail this time.
Watch over me.
Subaru: “Now then, where am I going to draw up the blueprints...?”
