By the time I eat lunch and return to the hangar, Frau has vanished.
I guess she really went home.
It's noon right now.
I need to head to Chikura Cavern soon, but I'm probably not going to be able to take Frau with me this time.
To be perfectly honest, she hasn't been much help these last two days, so it doesn't make much of a difference.
Akiho: “Kaiii.”
Akiho comes running over.
Akiho: “I'm going to head to Kamata Motors for a bit.”
Kamata Motors is a local workshop in Nakatane.
It's in the neighborhood, so the Robotics Club goes to them for help once in a while.
Not nearly as much as the Robot Clinic though.
Kaito: “For what?”
Akiho: “Um... To talk to them about GunBuild-1's motor.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
Akiho's still attached to Model-1.
I'm not that surprised. She did say she was going to keep working at it.
Since she's banned from the Robot Clinic, she's trying to get help from the other workshops, I suppose.
Akiho: “Watch over Jun for me.”
Akiho: “She can be a little too serious at times.”
Akiho: “She's been continuing the mocap tests by herself since that first test run.”
That would mean it's been about an hour.
That's quite a while.
Akiho: “Sorry. I wanted to watch over her myself, but I can't right now.”
Well, it's not like I have the time to spare either.
Junna wears a serious expression on her face as she thrusts her fists forward, surrounded by mocap cameras.
She's not actually performing a kata so much as she's doing basic karate training.
The blazing sun is out in full force, so her forehead is covered in beads of sweat.
The phrase “Single-minded” comes to mind.
She was so focused on the cameras before that she couldn't even move. She's clearly over that now.
Actually, I didn't know Junna was even capable of looking like that.
She looks way cooler than when she was actually performing earlier. Gallant, even.
If she could be like this consistently, she'd have no problem at tournaments.
But since she's already retired, I guess none of that matters anymore.
It just means that in the end, her mental strength wasn't enough.
I doubt she was able to ever show her true skills in front of all those people.
But that kind of mental weakness is fatal to an athlete's success.
Every time you participate in a match, there will always be your opponent or a judge. Always someone watching.
...Actually, it might even be better to leave Junna to do the mocap work alone. Us being around could just become a hindrance.
To test this theory out, I intentionally make noise as I approach her.
Junna: “Nng...”
Junna freezes in place the moment she spots me.
She looks at me and forces out a smile.
Kaito: “Feel free to continue.”
Junna: “Ah, um, okay...”
At my urging, she goes back to her practice.
But it's obvious from her movements that things've changed since I got here.
She's weak-kneed, and there's no snap to her punches.
Most of all, that coolness she had earlier is long gone.
In its place, she looks like she's about to cry.
Her gaze is unfocused, and she keeps glancing at me.
She really can't deal with the pressure of being watched.
Kaito: “Are you used to the cameras yet?”
Junna: “Um, well, sorta.”
Kaito: “You were doing incredibly well up until you noticed me.”
Junna: “Huh? Was I... really?”
Kaito: “You weren't aware?”
Junna: “...”
Junna: “I think I was. Maybe.”
Junna: “Ever since you came over here, I've felt embarrassed and nervous. Um, I don't really want to be watched...”
Junna: “D-Don't get me wrong, it's not just you, Yashio-kun. It doesn't matter who it is.”
Kaito: “But you're able to concentrate when you're by yourself, right?”
Junna: “Yeah...”
Kaito: “Then maybe it'd be for the best if we just leave the whole mocap thing to you.”
Junna: “That'd be... a problem.”
Junna: “I can't do anything by myself...”
Kaito: “But if you keep this up, you're just gonna become the club member who does whatever they're told to do.”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Kaito: “Look, if this is just a temporary place for you to rest until you find your next dream, that's fine.”
Kaito: “I know you don't know much about robots and all, but is it any fun just doing what you're told to do?”
Kaito: “Not that I have any right to lecture you about this, but...”
Kaito: “To make Aki-chan's dream come true, you're an important piece of the puzzle too. Not just Subaru and Kona-chan.”
Kaito: “Especially when it comes to mocap. The performer has to be someone who knows how to move their body.”
Kaito: “So I want you to give it everything you've got, Jun-chan.”
Junna: “Yashio-kun...”
Junna gets teary eyed, like she's been deeply moved.
Junna: “I'm, um, super happy to hear you say that.”
Junna: “I'll work harder so I don't hold everyone back...”
Kaito: “That's the spirit.”
Kaito: “Anyway, I have stuff to take care of today, so I'm heading back.”
Junna: “What?!”
Kaito: “The rest is on you. Aki-chan should be back in a bit, so you'll be alone till then.”
Junna: “Alone...?!”
Junna is dumbfounded. I leave her on her own and jog over to the terminal.
Now then.
It's time for three hours of pain and suffering.
I'm reluctant to do it, but if I quit now, the last two days will have been for nothing.
Just as I sit down on my scooter, someone comes riding over on a bike.
Nae: “Ah, Yashio-kun.”
Tennouji-san is wearing her JAXA uniform, as usual.
She must have cycled over from TNSC while wearing it again.
Kaito: “Hiya.”
She returns my greeting with a big smile.
Nae: “Hellooo.”
Nae: “So? Any progress on Model-2?”
Kaito: “Ask Subaru-kun. We're all just waiting on his blueprints for now.”
Kaito: “By the way, your shirt is soaked in sweat. I can see right through it.”
Nae: “Heeey, stop staring at me like that, you big perv!”
Tennouji-san wryly smiles as she covers her chest with her arms.
Kaito: “Hoh, you're not angry?”
Nae: “Well, it's not the end of the world, right? Ahah.”
Are all women from Tokyo like this?
Frau's also a perv.
No, these two have gotta be exceptions to the rule.
Nae: “I do want to wear something a little more casual, though.”
Nae: “This place is crazy hot because of how far south it is. I'm always sweating.”
Kaito: “Sounds rough.”
Kaito: “If you came to talk, sorry, but only Jun-chan is here right now. And you shouldn't bother her too much.”
Nae: “Wait, are you going somewhere?”
Kaito: “Pretty much.”
Nae: “Oh, is it a date?”
Kaito: “You could call it that.”
I'm going deep into a cave to have a secret tryst with a ghost girl only visible through ‘IRUO.’
Kaito: “All right, take care.”
I wave to Tennouji-san and head off on my scooter.
