It was foolish to think something would happen just because we sat around for a few hours.
Take a look at Akiho, who's patiently waiting even though the sky has turned red and nothing's happened.
What a waste of time. When this first started, she sat in front of the old community center with bated breath.
It wasn't long before she hit her limit and moved over to the park lawn.
She then killed time playing with a neighbor's dog who had dropped by for a walk.
Akiho soon headed to a bench near the lake, then a playground. Finally, she zoned out on the viewing platform.
That's our current situation.
Spending half the day in this old park during vacation sure has been a giant waste of time.
Granted, I've been playing KB the whole time, so it works out.
Akiho: “Why won't any fall...?”
Akiho continues to look up at the sky tirelessly as she mumbles to herself. She's been doing this all day.
Subaru: “It's already miraculous that a single one fell here. That's if it's actually a monopole, of course.”
I'm shocked Subaru's stuck around the whole time.
Despite his indifferent tone, he's clearly interested in this whole monopole thing.
That being said, it's been mostly quiet. Nobody's been talking.
Just like I ignored Akiho this entire time by playing KB, Subaru was also reading a book on his PokeCom.
Akiho: “Kai, did a monopole really fall from the sky?”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “Could you stop gaming for like, one sec?!”
Kaito: “Haaah, good grief.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, friendo, could you not bother me? You should know when I'm trying to concentrate by now, right?”
Kaito: “If you keep bugging me, I won't hesitate to headbutt you, got it?”
Akiho: “Oh, are you referencing the Raging Dive?”
Kaito: “I'm not. I don't even know what that is.”
Akiho: “For real? It's Boltvalian's finishing move. That clutch Raging Dive in episode 112 gets me fired up every time!”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “Are you even listening?!”
Kaito: “I can't respond to things I don't understand.”
Kaito: “Can't you be more like Subaru-kun and be quiet?”
Akiho: “If I don't watch the sky, how will we know if a monopole falls or not?”
Kaito: “I doubt it's gonna happen today. Why don't you just give up and go home?”
Akiho: “You jerk, I bet you were just thinking that I'm in the way.”
Kaito: “Well, you're not wrong.”
Akiho: “Why're you so mean?!”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “C'mon, at least react!”
About four hours ago, we had a similar back and forth.
It's impressive that she can maintain her enthusiasm for this long.
It's admirable in a weird way.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai?”
Akiho's tone drops a little. I guess she's calmed down.
She casts her gaze out to the park and whispers.
I guess she intends to completely ignore my request for silence.
Fine. I can play along for a little while.
I don't need her getting upset again.
Akiho: “You know how you climbed the tower the other day? Was that related to this whole monopole thing?”
Kaito: “Yup.”
Akiho: “Hm... Did one fall because you climbed the tower?”
Kaito: “I suppose you could say that.”
Akiho: “So, that's why you did something so dangerous...”
Akiho: “You went that far to get one, but now you want to get rid of it? I don't know what you're trying to do, Kai.”
Kaito: “I didn't climb the tower to get a monopole. Just for the record.”
Akiho: “So, was it a total coincidence that you got your hands on one?”
Kaito: “Mmhm. Precisely.”
Akiho: “By the way...”
For some reason, Akiho lowers her voice and begins to whisper to me.
Akiho: “If we sold the monopole, how much do you think we could make?”
Kaito: “I dunno. I can't even begin to imagine a number.”
Kaito: “Isn't there a thrift store in Nishinoomote? I doubt they'd be able to buy it off of us.”
Akiho: “Duh! We can't just sell it to a random thrift store!”
Akiho: “We have to sell it to someone who understands its true value.”
Akiho: “Like a research lab or a big company.”
Akiho: “If we sell it to someone who knows its value, we might be able to make tens of millions of yen...”
Akiho: “Tens of millions... Heheh... My New Year's money wouldn't be an issue anymore...”
Akiho looks totally enraptured.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, careful not to drool.”
Akiho: “I-I'm not drooling!”
Despite her hurried objection, she rushes to wipe her mouth.
Subaru: “I don't think it should be monopolized by any one company.”
Subaru suddenly opens his mouth after a long period of silence.
Subaru: “Only a small group of people would be able to benefit from it.”
Subaru: “We should be more open and share the information with the masses.”
Subaru: “That'll speed up the research process.”
Kaito: “Agreed.”
The Committee of 300. If they got it, they'd put a cap on it and pretend it never happened, just like the Ulysses Project.
Subaru: “Agreed? With me, Yashio-senpai?”
Subaru: “Didn't you say that you wanted to get rid of it in secret?”
Kaito: “I'm just saying this if we chose to sell it.”
Subaru: “...”
He puts away his PokeCom and looks over at the rocket launchpad visible in the distance.
Subaru: “I still don't think we should stay quiet about this.”
Subaru: “I think we should at least inform JAXA about it.”
Subaru: “We know people there, at least. Like the Prez's father and Tennouji-san.”
Subaru: “To not make this incredible discovery public, the discovery of our lifetime even, would be a betrayal to society.”
Kaito: “Pfft.”
I couldn't help myself.
Subaru: “Wh-What is it?”
Kaito: “A betrayal to society, huh? Talk about scale, Subaru-kun.”
Subaru: “I'm jusht shaying, it's that much of a big deal.”
Akiho: “It's like you have no clue how much a monopole is really worth, Kai.”
Akiho: “If news got out that a monopole was discovered, the world would be turned upside down.”
Subaru: “She's absolutely right. That's how incredible a monopole truly is.”
For the first time in a while, Subaru and Akiho are on the same page instead of butting heads.
But somewhere deep inside, I'm still not convinced.
Kaito: “You didn't believe me at all when I claimed it was a monopole a few hours ago.”
Subaru: “All the more reason why we should entrust it to JAXA so they can examine it properly and find out for sure.”
Kaito: “I refuse.”
Subaru: “Do you intend on obstructing scientific progress just because you want to avoid a little fuss?”
Kaito: “Yup.”
That's not actually true.
Airi said she didn't want it to be publicized.
She said that the Committee of 300 would take notice. That it'd be dangerous.
She told me that Kimijima Kou was murdered.
We don't know by whom, but there's no way it's unrelated to the Committee. He tried to reveal their conspiracy.
If the EGI System Kimijima Kou left can track monopoles, and the Committee finds out about it...
Well, they'll try to make contact with me and the people around me. Depending on the situation, we might even be killed.
I get that this whole conspiracy thing is a little much.
But it's a fact that Kimijima Kou was murdered.
So, I can't afford to take chances.
If this discovery can flip our world upside down, even more reason to be careful.
Kaito: “No means no. I'm not going to go through that kind of hassle.”
Kaito: “Oh, but I'm down with using it ourselves.”
Airi said she didn't mind that either.
Subaru: “You're unbelievable. This is total nonsense!”
Kaito: “Nonsense or not, no means no.”
Kaito: “If you tell an adult about this, I'm going to reveal that you're Mr. Pleiades.”
Subaru: “Ugh, p-please don't do that...”
Akiho: “Kai.”
Akiho suddenly stares into my eyes with a concerned look on her face.
Akiho: “Are you okay?”
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Akiho: “You're being really stubborn right now. More than usual.”
Akiho: “You're never like this when it comes to stuff outside of video games. I'm a little worried.”
Akiho: “Plus, you've been acting weird, lately.”
Akiho: “You're hiding something from me, aren't you?”
She's sharp. She knows me too well.
But that being said...
Kaito: “It's not like I promised you I wouldn't keep secrets.”
Kaito: “I've done lots of things behind your back in the past.”
Akiho: “Huh? Like what?”
Kaito: “That's a secret.”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Akiho gets all mopey.
Akiho: “Recently, you've been doing all kinds of things alone.”
Akiho: “Are you sure you haven't gotten yourself into some weird trouble?”
Kaito: “Oh, c'mon. How weird could this island get? Be serious.”
Kaito: “This place is prime country-side nothingness lost to the flow of time.”
Akiho: “...”
Despite my own words...
The reality is that this island is overflowing with mystery.
I had no clue until about a month ago.
I always thought this island was empty.
Things I thought were ordinary were actually bizarre upon closer inspection. And once you make that first discovery?
Well, everything starts to seem suspicious. Just like ruins of the old community center right over there.
Or the mass animal deaths that Junna told me about.
Akiho: “Anyway, stop making me worried, okay? Don't ever do something like you did during the typhoon.”
Akiho: “You and I are one in body and soul.”
Kaito: “I know.”
One in body and soul, eh?
Subaru's off to the side listening. He's probably gonna get the wrong idea about our relationship.
But the phrase is fitting for the two of us. We both get attacks and do our best to help each other out.
Akiho: “Nnnrggh...”
Akiho stretches her arms and looks up at the sky again as she takes a deep breath.
Akiho: “I guess we can call it for today.”
Akiho: “Are you going to be okay staying out this late, Subaru?”
Akiho: “Is your father gonna get mad again?”
Subaru: “No. It's not like I'm building hobby robots or anything.”
Subaru: “There's nothing for him to get mad at from just hanging out in the park.”
Akiho: “Well, I just figured he might get the wrong idea if he knows you're with us.”
Subaru: “You think there's someone in this park who'd tattle on me?”
Subaru: “Besides, my dad doesn't involve himself in my relationships.”
Subaru: “He doesn't care who I hang out with.”
Subaru: “Though if he saw how weird you and Yashio-senpai are, he may very well tell me to stop hanging out with you.”
Akiho: “Hey, you big meanie! If Kai and I are weirdos, then you're a weirdo too, Subaru!”
Subaru: “Please don't lump me together with you two.”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai! Say something!”
This is a repeat of a conversation from a few hours ago.
Kaito: “It's not like he's wrong, so who cares?”
Akiho: “Et tu, Kai...?”
Akiho then takes a breath.
Akiho: “But thank you, Subaru.”
She says in a serious voice.
Subaru: “Excuse me?”
Akiho: “Thanks for not quitting the Robotics Club, and for helping us make GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “I'm really grateful.”
Subaru: “I'm not staying in the Robotics Club to make you happy, Prez.”
Subaru: “I just don't want my connection to Mr. Pleiades to leak. That's all.”
He looks away as if he's trying to hide his blushing face.
He's not very honest with himself.
Akiho: “So, you're not gonna build hobby robots anymore? Have you ever considered rebuilding M45, or...”
Subaru: “Probably not.”
Akiho: “I see... That stinks...”
Akiho: “I thought the Honorary Prez would finally have a friend...”
Subaru: “A friend...?”
Akiho's words are probably coming straight from her heart.
She tends to think of robots as living things.
Akiho: “Oh, oh! But you don't hate robots or anything, right?”
Akiho: “You still like them, right?”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru is so flustered that he turns to me for help.
This is pretty entertaining, so I pretend to not notice his gaze.
Akiho is infinitely passionate when it comes to robots.
So, sometimes she'll start asking serious questions like this out of nowhere.
It's like she just professed her love to someone and is eagerly waiting for a reply. I get Subaru's reaction.
Subaru: “I don't hate them. I've just given up on them.”
Akiho: “Okay...”
Then Akiho glances over at me.
She squares up with Subaru again, as if she's made up her mind about something.
Akiho: “Um, just to let you two know.”
Akiho: “I'm thinking of making GunBuild-2.”
Kaito: “Pardon me?”
Akiho: “Let's Build a Life-Size Gunvarrel Prototype Model-2!”
Akiho: “GunBuild-2 for short.”
Well, well. What do you know?
Subaru: “You're really going to do this?”
Akiho: “Um, yeah.”
Akiho: “I'm thinking about accepting Tennouji-san's offer.”
Akiho: “Look, it's not that I'm giving up on GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “But I learned from our test run the other day that we're never going to win first at the Expo with it.”
Subaru: “That is a sound decision.”
Kaito: “That's a really mature decision for you to come to, Aki-chan.”
After the test run the other day, she did seem very conflicted.
She must've made her decision during the Obon holiday.
Kaito: “As someone who actually piloted that thing, we should seriously never turn it on ever again. For real.”
Kaito: “You've no idea how terrifying it was for me.”
Akiho: “Don't talk about GunBuild-1 like that!”
Akiho: “And it's not that Subaru convinced me to change my mind.”
Akiho: “I decided for myself that this is the best path moving forward.”
Subaru: “Is that right?”
Subaru's expression remains as composed as ever.
Subaru: “I didn't expect you to budge, Prez. I have no problems with this.”
Akiho: “Anyway!”
Akiho: “You're going to be helping me design GunBuild-2!”
Subaru: “Me?”
Akiho: “You better put your money where your mouth is after all that smack talk!”
Akiho: “So, please help us. I'm not taking no for an answer.”
Subaru: “Fine. I'm in.”
Akiho: “Y-You didn't even flinch.”
Akiho: “This was such a huge deal for me!”
Subaru: “I just don't want to freak out about it. Consider my position for once.”
Subaru: “It still pains me that I'm helping you guys out behind my dad's back.”
Subaru: “I don't ever want him to find out the truth again, so I'm going to keep working in secret.”
Subaru: “I don't mind designing it, but please do not make my name public at the Expo or anything.”
Kaito: “You're already primed and ready to go, eh?”
I can't help but grin.
Kaito: “You didn't even consider that we might get DQ'd during inspections or not finish the robot in time.”
Subaru: “Well, thash, uh...”
Judging by his reaction, it's pretty clear that he's actually excited.
Akiho: “I understand. You can do it in hiding.”
Akiho: “By the way, Subaru isn't the only one participating in the making of GunBuild-2.”
Akiho: “Kai, Jun, and Frau Bow will all be chipping in!”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1 was the crystallization of the Robotics Club alumni's sweat and tears.”
Akiho: “But GunBuild-2 is different.”
Akiho: “The five of us will be making it ourselves.”
Akiho: “Let's make a robot for ourselves, that only we can build.”
Akiho: “We only have six months left, but we have a sponsor now. JAXA will support us, too.”
Akiho: “We can do it! I know we can!”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...”
Akiho: “It's not just the two of us anymore. Now, there are five of us.”
Akiho: “The best giant bipedal robot that we can make right now. That's the concept behind GunBuild-2!”
Akiho: “Aaaagggh! Just talking about it is getting me fired up!”
She starts talking to herself and gets hyped all on her own.
Granted, she did just make a huge decision, so I understand.
Akiho: “C'mon, guys! Show some excitement!”
Akiho: “Here, gimme your hands!”
The clueless Subaru and I stick our hands out. Akiho begins stacking hers and ours on top of each other.
Akiho: “C.T. Robotics Club! Blast of spirit! Yoira~Iki!”
Akiho: “Yeeaaahh!”
She launches her hand in the air and shouts alone.
Akiho: “Gah! You guys gotta say it, too!”
Kaito: “Was that some kind of cheer?”
Akiho: “Duh!”
Kaito: “How're we supposed to know what to say when you just came up with it yourself?”
By the way, I'm assuming C.T. refers to Chuo Tanegashima High.
I don't think I've ever heard it shortened like that, though.
Kaito: “Um, sorry to be a party pooper, but I don't intend on ever being a pilot again.”
Akiho: “C'mon! Is now really the time to say that?”
Subaru: “Question.”
Subaru meekly raises his hand.
Subaru: “Will you be helping with the design? If so, our design philosophies are completely at odds. How will you remedy this?”
Akiho: “Well, uh... We just gotta talk it over... maybe?”
She's got no clue...
Akiho: “Uugh! This is the part where we're supposed to be hyped for the future!”
Akiho: “You guys are such party poopers, I swear! I wanted us to come together for this...”
My bad, but this is who I am.
Akiho: “Listen. Once the Obon holiday is over, we're going to meet with JAXA.”
Akiho: “You have to be there! No skipping!”
Kaito: “Fine, fine. Not that I'm going to be very useful, but whatever.”
She's as pushy as always.
I can't help but smile bitterly.
It doesn't really bother me though.
That's just Akiho's nature.
I was a little worried because she seemed pretty down after GunBuild-1's failed test run, but I guess it's fine.
A new robot, huh?
I can't begin to fathom what it's going to look like.
But I sure hope it's something a little better than GunBuild-1.
