I cover my ears with my hands and set foot into the store.
Doc is usually sitting behind the counter, but today he's actually working at the workbench.
A big diesel engine sits atop it.
Naturally, it's the one that was in GunBuild-1.
Looks like he started taking it apart right away.
Surprisingly, Doc notices me enter the store and turns down the music volume on his own.
Akiho: “Hiya.”
Akiho: “You're pretty considerate today, Doc.”
If only he'd do this every time. I almost end up saying that out loud, but swallow my words at the last moment.
Fujita: “You're alone? Where's your escort?”
Akiho: “Oh, he's doing something else.”
Kai said he had something to do today and left early in the morning.
He didn't tell me where he went.
I wonder what he's doing running around alone lately.
Maybe it's related to the monopole?
Anyway, that's why I'm visiting the Robot Clinic on my own today.
Either of us could have an attack out of nowhere, so we try not to do things alone.
Or at least that's the promise we made way back when. I'm feeling kinda lonely.
Fujita: “If this is about the engine, I just started working on it.”
Fujita: “I'm going to take it apart completely and do an overhaul.”
Fujita: “I'll rebuild it so good, you won't even know it's used.”
Akiho: “Yeah, please do. I'll be waiting.”
Fujita: “Don't wait, look forward to it!”
Akiho: “Oh, yeah. Sure.”
I got my point across, so does it really matter?
Fujita: “So, what do you need? Buying parts again?”
Fujita: “Lemme know what you want, li'l miss regular.”
Doc slightly bends the corners of his lips.
Was that supposed to be a smile?
Fujita: “If you're thinking about making improvements to your bot, I'd gladly lend you an ear.”
Akiho: “Really? Do you know what we'd need to do to make Model-1 walk properly?”
Fujita: “Hmph. Of course. I ain't called the Robot Doctor for nothing.”
Akiho: “Oh, that reminds me. When did you become the Robot Doctor? I've never heard you talk about your past.”
Fujita: “Cuz there ain't no reason to.”
Akiho: “Awww, c'mon! Tell me!”
Fujita: “It was about 20 years ago, back when I quit NASDA.”
Akiho: “Wait, you worked for NASDA?”
When I was born, there were three space development agencies: NASDA, ISAS, and NAL. They all merged to form JAXA.
My dad works for JAXA, so I know a lot about its history.
Fujita: “Not like it matters. Tell me what you need.”
Fujita: “I'm too busy to sit here and chat with you, Robotics Club.”
But there aren't any other customers...?
Bummer... I really wanted to hear more about his past.
Akiho: “I don't really have any particular business here today.”
Fujita: “What's that supposed to mean?”
Akiho: “I didn't come here to buy parts. I just dropped by to give you a heads-up.”
Fujita: “About?”
Akiho: “You know how the Expo is in half a year?”
Akiho: “I'm going to be using this place a lot till then. I'll probably be asking a lot of you.”
Akiho: “I want to put together GunBuild-2 in half a year.”
Akiho: “You're gonna help, right? Right?!”
Granted, this is Doc we're talking about. He'll probably be all, “As long as you pay!” or something.
Or so I thought, but I was wrong.
Fujita: “GunBuild-2? What are you talking about?”
I suddenly feel overwhelmed.
It's like I can see Doc's aura flowing from his body.
Like some kinda murderous intent!
Granted, I've never actually felt a murderous intent before, but you get what I'm saying!
He was in such a good mood! What happened?!
Did I accidentally tick him off?!
Fujita: “Answer the question.”
Akiho: “U-Um... Are you angry?”
Fujita: “I'm not angry.”
Akiho: “But you look angry!”
Fujita: “Shut up! I'm always like this!”
Fujita: “What's this GunBuild-2 you're talking about?”
Akiho: “A-A new robot...”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1's development is going to be frozen for now. We're building a new robot for the Expo.”
Akiho: “That's GunBuild-2.”
Fujita: “You damn idiot!”
Akiho: “Eek!”
I can't believe Doc's capable of shouting that loud.
I thought my eardrums were gonna shatter for a second there!
No wonder he listens to music that loud every day.
And why am I even getting yelled at?!
Fujita: “Model-1 is a goddamn mess, and you're just gonna try and build a Model-2?!”
Fujita: “You're basically abandoning your own failure of a child for a new one!”
Fujita: “What happened to all that passion you had for that robot?! Was it all a lie?!”
Akiho: “N-No, it wasn't! I—”
Fujita: “It was! You're giving up on Model-1 because things didn't work out!”
Fujita: “You ain't got no guts! This is why kids these days ain't worth squat!”
Akiho: “...”
Fujita: “If someone thinkin' like you goes and makes a new robot, it's just gonna end up being another train wreck!”
Fujita: “Get out! Don't show your face here again!”
Akiho: “Doc...”
Fujita: “I thought you had some spine like your older sister!”
Fujita: “I'm disappointed.”
Doc sits down with his back turned to me.
Akiho: “Um, it's not like I...”
Fujita: “...”
He doesn't even want to listen.
I know how stubborn he can be.
Once he gets like this, it doesn't matter what I say.
And to be honest, what he said wasn't all wrong...
I feel like I've been stabbed in the heart with a needle.
I leave without saying a word.
I stop and look toward the door for a bit, but it's not like he was going to come and chase me to begin with.
Akiho: “Hahh... What a shock...”
I didn't think Doc was so attached to GunBuild-1.
I'm not just surprised, I'm super crazy surprised.
I thought he maintained a cold attitude of a professional, but he turned out to be passionate beyond belief.
I like people like that, but...
Akiho: “He really told me off...”
I clutch my chest through my shirt.
Like I'm abandoning my failure of a child, huh?
I still plan on completing GunBuild-1.
I even decided to chip away at it the other day, even if I have to do it alone.
That's why I was having Doc repair the engine.
I care more about GunBuild-1 than anybody does.
Heck, I might even care more than Big Sis, and she's the one who designed it.
But I need to put these feelings aside, at least for now.
In order to go to the Expo. In order to catch up to my sister...
I decided to work on GunBuild-2.
And I think I made the right call.
But...
If I play devil's advocate and think about how GunBuild-1 must feel...
I bet he feels like I've abandoned him. I bet he's tremendously sad and lonely.
My heartstrings are being tugged away at.
Anyway, I should head back to the hangar.
If I'm banned from the Robot Clinic, I'm gonna need to figure out another way to obtain parts for GunBuild-2.
Actually, wow. I can't believe the second person to get banned after Mitchie is me. What a shock...
