And so, two days later, I call upon Subaru.
I wanted to do it yesterday, but my grandparents from Kagoshima came to visit, so I couldn't get out of that.
Since it's the Obon holiday, the Robotics Club is on break.
I get to chill at the park without a worry in the world, and I get to avoid Akiho's lectures. Perfection.
After killing some time playing KB, Subaru shows up right on schedule.
Subaru: “Hello.”
Kaito: “Sorry for calling you all the way out here during break.”
Subaru's house is in Nakatane, so it must've taken him more than 30 minutes to get here by scooter.
Subaru doesn't seem to mind all that much though.
Subaru: “I've actually been fairly bored.”
Subaru: “I have no hidden hobbies to immerse myself in these days.”
He says somewhat lightheartedly.
Subaru: “But thanks to that, I'm treading thin ice by being forced to help build Prez's robot and the like.”
So he says, but he doesn't seem too bothered by it.
Subaru: “By the way, if this is about ROBO-ONE, then it's been canceled.”
Kaito: “Whoa. Why?”
Subaru: “The riots and such in America.”
Subaru: “Isn't that what you called me here about?”
Kaito: “Bzzzt. Nope.”
Subaru: “Then is this about the operation test for Model-1?”
Subaru: “I heard it went horribly, as expected.”
Kaito: “Eh, it's not about that.”
Subaru: “Then what do you want? You didn't call me all the way out here for nothing, did you?”
Kaito: “I wanted to show you something.”
I went back to the community center and grabbed the monopole earlier.
It's currently in my hands.
It's wrapped in a large towel inside a knapsack I don't use anymore.
I carefully pull it out, towel and all, and present it to Subaru.
Subaru: “What is this?”
Kaito: “Wanna take a guess?”
Subaru: “Some sort of dry ice?”
I guess you could say that, given its misty aura. Two days have passed since it fell.
Nonetheless, there are still countless small particles cycloning on the surface of the monopole.
Kaito: “Look carefully at the rock itself.”
Subaru: “Is this some new-age religious indoctrination deal?”
Kaito: “C'mon, humor me and take a look.”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru: “It's glowing slightly.”
Kaito: “Try touching it. It's pretty shocking.”
Subaru: “Shocking?”
Subaru, although hesitant, directly touches the monopole with his index finger.
Subaru: “...!”
Kaito: “See?”
Subaru: “I've never heard of any mineral that discharges energy this intensely.”
Subaru: “What exactly is this thing?”
Kaito: “This is just between you and me...”
I beckon Subaru's face closer to mine.
Kaito: “It's...”
Kaito: “A monopole.”
Subaru: “...”
He glares at me.
Subaru: “Is this where I'm supposed to laugh?”
Kaito: “Does it look like I'm joking?”
Subaru: “Monopoles have yet to be observed in reality.”
Kaito: “Well, observe away.”
Subaru: “How do you know it's a monopole? Did somebody tell you that?”
Kaito: “Well, you know, umm...”
Things'll get messy if I tell him about Kimijima Kou, let alone Airi.
Kaito: “Let's just say I have connections.”
Subaru: “So what is this thing, really?”
He has zero intention of believing me, eh?
Kaito: “C'mon, Subaru-kun, can't you just trust your eyes?”
Kaito: “Just take what's in front of you for what it is.”
Kaito: “This is crazy mysterious, right? You've never seen anything like it, have you?”
Subaru: “You're sounding really suspicious, Senpai.”
Kaito: “What the heck, man. I just wanted to consult with you as a fellow man. I'm disappointed in you.”
Subaru: “I didn't ask for that.”
Kaito: “How can you be so cold after I helped you out with the whole ROBO-ONE thing?”
Subaru: “Please don't act like I owe you something. We made an agreement, and I held up my end of the bargain.”
Subaru: “And it's not like you volunteered to help.”
Subaru: “Plus, the whole thing fell apart anyway.”
Kaito: “Well fine. Be that way. If you want to take that attitude with me, we're done here.”
Kaito: “That's all folks. Head on home.”
I melodramatically sigh and gaze at the monopole in my hand.
Kaito: “Hrm, what should I do now?”
Subaru: “What do you mean?”
Kaito: “I'm thinking of just tossing it.”
Subaru: “Really?”
Kaito: “Of course. I don't want this to become a big deal or anything.”
Subaru: “Even if it turns out to be an actual monopole? You could receive tremendous amounts of recognition and praise.”
Kaito: “I just want to be #1.”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, I always heard you were a weirdo, but now I am utterly convinced that you actually are.”
Kaito: “Kinda late for that, no? Everyone who joins the Robotics Club is a weirdo.”
Subaru: “Please don't lump me together with the rest of you.”
Kaito: “I mean, why're you still here? If you're not gonna help me figure this out, go home.”
Subaru: “Hahh...”
Subaru lets out a disappointed sigh.
But he doesn't move from where he's standing.
Subaru: “This is absurd, but I suppose I can chat for a bit.”
Kaito: “You're seriously that bored, Subaru-kun?”
Kaito: “I bet you don't have any friends.”
Subaru: “Look who's talking.”
This dude always has to have the last word...
Subaru: “Now, putting aside whether that thing is a monopole or not...”
Subaru: “If you want to keep this a secret, I suggest disposing it in the ocean.”
Kaito: “There's one problem with that.”
Kaito: “The monopole fell here from the sky.”
Subaru: “Hmph...”
Subaru's clearly sneering at me.
Subaru: “Is that right? It fell. So?”
Kaito: “Apparently there's a chance that more will fall here in the near future.”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “Basically, it'll be dangerous if we don't close the park off. Imagine something this big falling from the sky.”
Kaito: “Plus, there's a chance that someone might pick one up and start shouting about how they found a monopole.”
Kaito: “Any ideas as to how to avoid all that?”
Subaru: “Just close the park.”
Kaito: “Look, this is my spiritual oasis, my home base. I want to avoid that if I can.”
Subaru: “You're so whiny.”
Subaru: “Then we have no other choice.”
Subaru: “We either close the park, or let people make a big deal out of the monopoles.”
Kaito: “Then no matter what option we go with, I won't be able to hang here anymore? That sucks.”
Subaru: “Correct. And if that thing really is a monopole, it'd be the discovery of the century.”
Kaito: “Then... I guess we only have one other option.”
Subaru: “And that would be?”
Kaito: “Stop the monopoles from raining down on the park.”
Subaru: “Senpai, that's ridiculous for even you and your delusions. Are you screwing with me?”
Kaito: “I actually can do it. Though it's a little terrifying and a pain in the ass.”
If I climb the tower every day and change the direction of the antenna, no more falling monopoles. Fin.
That's what Airi told me.
The more efficient way to solve this mess involves the EGI System, yeah?
The weird device hidden in the first floor of the old community center.
I guess you'd have to rewrite its program or whatever to stop it.
It's then that Airi's lonely face crosses my mind.
I can't believe I'm letting myself be influenced by an AI's words.
Subaru: “I don't understand. I seriously can't deal with this anymore. I'm going—”
Subaru cuts his words off abruptly.
His eyes are looking past me.
He then lowers his shoulders, exasperated.
Kaito: “What's up?”
Subaru: “Someone wants to be included in the conversation.”
He points his chin in a direction.
I follow with my eyes and finally see what he's talking about.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho's hiding behind a tree, watching us with sparkling eyes.
Her look DOES scream “I want to be included!”
If Akiho were a dog, her tail would be wagging violently right about now.
Kaito: “I wonder why she's watching from all the way from over there.”
Subaru: “Beats me.”
Kaito: “Did you call her, Subaru-kun? Not cool. I sought your advice as a fellow man.”
Subaru: “I thought you were the one who brought her here, Yashio-senpai.”
If neither of us called her here, then I guess it's just coincidence.
What a mess.
I wanted to avoid letting Akiho in on this if possible. She has the biggest mouth in the world.
Subaru: “We could always just ignore her?”
Kaito: “If I did that, she'd never let me hear the end of it.”
I sigh and wave Akiho over to us.
She immediately jumps out from behind the tree like she was waiting for this moment. She might as well be skipping.
Akiho: “Hehe... Seems like the Boys' Alliance is having a mighty interesting little conversation!”
Kaito: “How long have you been here?”
Akiho: “Since Subaru arrived.”
This whole time, eh?
Subaru: “Did you follow me here?”
Akiho: “Bingo! Jakiiin!”
Why the sound effect at the end?
Akiho: “Look, if you saw Subaru in Minamitane, you'd be suspicious too.”
Kaito: “So, you heard everything, eh...?”
Akiho: “Yep!”
Please don't be so proud of your creepy eavesdropping.
Akiho: “Kai, I'm so fired up right now!”
Akiho: “I mean, are you kidding?! You discovered a monopo—”
I swiftly close in on Akiho and shove four fingers into her mouth.
Akiho: “Nrrggaaah.”
Akiho: “Urrgha, bleh, pleh!”
Akiho: “Wh-What'd you do that for?!”
Kaito: “If you keep yelling like that, someone is gonna hear you.”
Kaito: “Keep it down, okay?”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Akiho: “I mean, what if that's a real monopole? It'd be a huge waste to just dump it.”
Akiho: “Why didn't you try to stop him, Subaru? You know what a monopole would be worth.”
Subaru: “Monopoles have not been proven to exist.”
Subaru: “It's absolute nonsense to think that one just happened to drop into this park out of nowhere.”
Subaru: “Even the worst novel imaginable is written better than that.”
Akiho: “But it's not like Kai has ever mentioned monopoles before.”
Akiho: “That word is easily in the top 10 list of things Kai would never ever say.”
Kaito: “Gee, thanks... Well, when I heard about it, I figured it was a detergent or a laundry pole or something.”
Akiho: “And now Kai's suddenly talking about them? It's gotta be real!”
Subaru: “Someone must've talked him into believing it. He's being conned.”
Akiho: “Oh, good point. Kai does have a tendency to easily believe people.”
Kaito: “Oh, please. You're way more gullible than I am, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
Kaito: “...”
Here we go again...
Akiho: “Who cares about me?!”
Akiho: “Anyway, anyway! Isn't it more exciting to think positively?”
Akiho: “Instead of assuming it's not a monopole, let's think about what would be possible if it were one.”
Akiho: “That's way better!”
Akiho: “Dream a little! It's lame to just think of ways to get rid of it.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, don't make me repeat myself. Keep it down.”
Kaito: “If you can't do that, I'll shove my fingers up your nose this time. Is that what you want?”
Akiho: “N-No... Please don't be weird.”
Akiho: “Just because you're Kai doesn't mean you can do whatever you want.”
Akiho's finally realized that I'm being serious and steps back a little.
I guess my threat worked.
Kaito: “Whatever. Let's hear your so-called positive thoughts on this.”
Kaito: “Then we can consider where to go from there.”
Akiho: “So basically, what could we use the monopole for?”
Akiho: “A giant, bipedal robot! Duh!”
Kaito: “I figured you'd say that. Yup.”
Well, according to Airi and Sister Centipede, I have the right to use the monopole any way I like, so it shouldn't be an issue.
Subaru: “You mean on Model-1?”
Akiho: “Huh? Erm, well...”
Akiho lowers her voice.
She then glances at me...
...and immediately fakes a smile.
Akiho: “Let's just think about how we could use it for giant bipedal robots in general and not limit ourselves to GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “Okay, raise your hand if you have a proposal.”
Unexpectedly, Subaru voluntarily raises his hand first.
Subaru: “Monopole engines have been depicted in old sci-fi novels and such.”
Akiho: “What were they like?”
Subaru: “Since I've never read them, I don't know the specifics.”
Subaru: “But basically, it was an engine capable of producing immense energy.”
Subaru: “So if you were to use the monopole, an engine would be the best application.”
Despite everything he's said, I'm guessing Subaru actually enjoys talking about this kind of stuff.
Didn't he say he was going home not too long ago?
He sure doesn't show any signs of leaving. In fact, he's dead serious.
Akiho: “An engine, huh?”
Akiho: “But say the batteries and charger were still normal. Would an awesome engine make any difference?”
Subaru: “Since it can accumulate massive amounts of energy in a short period of time, a diesel engine wouldn't even compare.”
Akiho: “I bet it'd be super expensive...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, positivity goes out the window if we start worrying about money at this point.”
Akiho: “Oh, right! Sorry, that's a bad habit of mine, hehe.”
The struggles of a poor club president.
Akiho: “But I do think it'd be quite a challenge to extract energy from a monopole.”
Akiho: “Are you supposed to combust and compress it? What about fuel?”
Subaru: “You might get an idea if you read a novel that talks about monopole engines. I don't have one though.”
Akiho: “Ah, maybe we have one in the study at home! My dad's really into that kind of stuff.”
Akiho: “But then again, I feel like most of the time those things are never reproducible in real life.”
Akiho: “I wonder if there are any ways we can utilize a monopole that are closer to home?”
Kaito: “I don't know if ‘Close to home’ means much when we're dealing with an unknown particle.”
Akiho: “Hush, Kai!”
Akiho: “I dunno, for example...”
Akiho: “A beam weapon or something!”
Subaru: “Excuse me?”
Akiho: “You know, energy for a beam weapon. A rifle or a saber. The monopole could be used to power it.”
Kaito: “So much for ‘closer to home.’”
Subaru: “That has the same issue as the engine. How do we extract the energy?”
Subaru: “Plus, we'd have to minimize the size. At least smaller than an engine, or else it wouldn't work.”
Akiho: “What about a cannon?!”
Kaito: “Here we go again...”
Akiho: “One on both shoulders♪”
Our president sure does love her cannons.
Akiho: “Oh, um, wait, wait! Let's equip it on the head and make a high mega particle—”
Subaru: “Why are you so insistent on weapons?”
Akiho: “Because we have to fight!”
Kaito: “Against who?”
Subaru: “Weren't you the one who suggested we should try and stick close to home?”
Akiho: “...”
With no means by which to fight back, Akiho shuts down.
She then pouts.
Akiho: “It's just fun having silly conversations like this, is all.”
Akiho: “You're both just like Big Sis.”
Akiho: “You always cut straight to the point on the phone or when we talk.”
Kaito: “Sorry that I don't want to waste 30 minutes to an hour on mindless chitchat just so I can communicate my message.”
I won't mention who I'm talking about, of course.
Akiho: “Fine. Then in all seriousness...”
Akiho: “A monopole is basically a magnet, right? It's called a magnetic monopole for a reason.”
Akiho: “I guess the first thing that comes to mind that uses magnets on GunBuild-1 are the motors.”
Akiho: “Could we substitute them with monopoles?”
Akiho: “If we can use the monopole as an extremely powerful magnet, maybe we can drastically increase the motors' power!”
Akiho: “In other words, we could solve the issue of GunBuild-1's sluggish walking speed!”
Sluggish is an understatement.
Besides, I don't think the motors are the only issue.
Subaru: “Just because a monopole is a mystical, rare particle, doesn't mean it's as powerful as a raw material.”
Subaru: “Even if you were to use it as a magnet, it's possible that it'd be weaker than a normal one.”
Subaru: “Plus, if we were to use it on Model-1's six motors, the single monopole that Senpai has is nowhere near sufficient.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Akiho slowly approaches me and grabs both of my hands.
She looks me straight in the eyes.
Akiho: “Make more monopoles rain down.”
Kaito: “Since when did I become the rain man?”
Akiho: “Didn't you say you could stop them from raining down?”
Akiho: “So, I figured you could probably also do the reverse!”
Kaito: “Well, I can't.”
I glance up at the sky, but no monopoles conveniently fall to the ground.
Even then...
Akiho: “Then let's wait for some!”
Akiho announces.
