At the old airport, Frau is setting up a strange device on the parking apron.
Junna had arrived earlier, and she's helping.
The device is about 20 centimeters wide and looks like a cylinder on its side.
There are all kinds of sensors and cameras attached to it.
There are four in total wired up to a PokeCom.
I thought it was Frau's PokeCom at first, but it's actually Junna's.
The devices are on tripods, placed to face each other diagonally. The camera directions form a cross.
Frau: “Th-They arrived this morning...”
Frau: “RGB cameras with depth sensors. Four in total.”
Frau: “W-With this, we can do motion capture now.”
Got it. This is all so we can capture movement for Model-2, like she mentioned before.
Kaito: “You've already got everything? Did you buy all of this?”
Frau: “I ordered it all online.”
Frau: “We're on a remote island, so I thought it would take longer, b-but I was wrong...”
Kaito: “How much did this stuff cost?”
Frau: “All four cost a little over 50,000.”
She's loaded...
I'd expect no less from someone capable of buying an old hotel on a whim.
Kaito: “Then I guess Jun-chan is up to bat.”
Junna: “Huh?”
Junna opens her eyes wide.
Junna: “Um... What's all this motion stuff you guys have been talking about?”
She's apparently been setting up this equipment without knowing what it's all used for.
Kaito: “That reminds me, I didn't tell you.”
I was so busy with the Kimijima Reports that I haven't seen Junna for several days.
Kaito: “Kona-chan said that even if she uses the KB system, it'd be difficult to reproduce the in-game animations.”
Kaito: “So it'd be better if we made unique motions for Model-2.”
Akiho: “Huh? Really? Nobody told me anything about this...”
Kaito: “I was planning to tell you eventually, but we didn't expect the mocap stuff to arrive so quickly.”
Plus, Model-2's blueprints aren't even done yet.
Having just the mocap equipment doesn't actually amount to much.
Akiho: “But now that I think about it, it would be tough to reproduce KB's animations in real life.”
Kaito: “And the Karate Club's own Jun-chan will be our mocap actor—no, actress? She's perfect for the role, in any case.”
Junna: “H-Huh? What do I have to do...?”
Frau: “Test...”
Frau whispers.
Junna: “Test?”
Frau: “T-To see if the machine works right...”
Kaito: “She's saying we're going to hold a test now.”
Frau nods at my words and beckons Junna over.
Junna looks puzzled, but does as told and stands in the center of the four cameras.
Frau: “A-As long as you move within that space, you're OK.”
Frau: “I-I'll be sneaking photos of your moves from all angles, Karate-senpai...”
Junna: “S-Sneaking photos...?”
Frau: “I won't miss a single movement or angle, n-no matter what!”
Why's she getting so intense?
Akiho: “Frau Bow, don't tease Jun so much!”
Akiho: “Look, she's about to cry! You're an underclassman, so try to be a little more respectful.”
Frau: “Duhuhu. I wouldn't mind licking Karate-senpai up and down.”
Kaito: “You really are a pervert.”
Junna: “I-I want to go home...”
Kaito: “Sorry, not happening. You're the only one who can handle the mocap.”
Kaito: “Nobody else in the club can move their body with any kind of grace.”
Akiho: “Agreed. Jun is perfect for the job.”
Junna: “U-Um, but...”
Junna draws closer to Akiho and squirms, her face totally red.
Junna: “But I'm scared of big robots...”
Kaito: “Didn't you say you were scared of life-size robots? Do the giant ones freak you out, too, now?”
Junna nods apologetically.
Junna: “When I saw Model 1-kun's test the other day... It was so big and looked like it could fall on me. I was scared...”
Junna: “That's why I don't think I'm fit to do Model-2's mocap...”
Junna: “And I really don't want to be the sub-operator...”
Akiho: “B-But think of it this way. You're only filming its movement! You're not actually piloting the robot.”
Akiho: “Back during ROBO-ONE, you helped me think up an ultimate attack, remember?”
Akiho: “The only reason that came to be is because you know karate. The way you move is totally different from us.”
Akiho: “Your movements are super sharp. They've got heart.”
Akiho: “I personally think we'll be better off filming your sharp moves versus our limp flailing.”
Akiho: “So, pretty please, Jun!”
Junna: “...”
Akiho puts her hands together, and in the end, Junna nods meekly while still hanging her head.
Junna: “I-I'll try my best...”
Akiho: “Really?! Thank you so much!”
She's as weak to pressure as always.
Frau: “All right, the rest is up to you guys.”
Kaito: “And where do you think you're going?”
I grab Frau by the shoulder before she can scurry off.
Kaito: “You're the one who suggested we do the test now, Kona-chan.”
Frau: “Uuugh, the sun... It's so bright...”
She looks like she's about to melt away.
Is that because I made her look for the Kimijima Reports with me over the past few days?
Kaito: “You're like a zombie or a vampire, I swear. Can't you function during the day?”
Frau: “The southern sun srsly shoots death rays. That's just common sense.”
Frau: “H-How could any of you live normally in a place like this?! How tough are you all?!”
Akiho: “Frau Bow, you have to at least explain how all this equipment works.”
Frau: “Th-There isn't really a-anything to explain.”
Frau: “You just have to m-move in the middle of the cameras.”
Frau: “Press the record button on the PokeCom wired to the cameras, and you're okay to go.”
Simple enough.
Kaito: “Jun-chan, how about giving it a little test?”
Akiho: “Let's see how it works!”
Junna: “Wait, now?! I'm not ready! My clothes are...”
Akiho: “Don't worry, don't worry. It's no big deal.”
Junna insists on changing clothes as tears form in her eyes. She's too embarrassed to perform in a skirt.
Ironic, since I saw her practicing in the gym in her uniform before. Anyway, Frau had her bring her gi with her.
It takes her less than five minutes to change. I look at Junna's PokeCom wired to the cameras and see her on the screen.
That said, the image output is totally different from when you capture someone on screen normally.
There are three images, and each one has a silhouette of Junna colored red, blue, and green.
There's a screen swap button that swaps the feed between cams one to four at will. All cams record at once.
Kaito: “All right, let's have you start with a kata.”
Akiho: “The Super Hanpen, right?”
Junna: “Suparinpei...”
Kaito: “Just ignore the cameras and focus on moving.”
Junna: “Okay...”
Junna looks embarrassed, but nonetheless bows before beginning her kata.
I press the record button and film her from start to finish.
Junna: “E-Eyaah...”
Junna: “Haaaiyah.”
I've seen her perform a few times now, and every time I can't help but think about how weak she looks.
Junna: “...”
About a minute into her performance, she stops moving.
Her expression hardens and she has tears in her eyes.
Her gaze is focused on the camera right in front of her.
Akiho: “Jun? What's wrong?”
Junna: “Um...”
Junna: “I-I got self-conscious of the cameras...”
Junna: “Everything went white...”
Akiho: “Eh...?”
Yikes.
Her anxiety is in full force.
I mean sure, there are cameras, but it's not like they're broadcasting to TVs or the internet.
Junna: “Sorry...”
Junna drops her shoulders and stops the performance.
Akiho: “W-Well, you can take your time getting used to it.”
Akiho: “Hey, Frau Bow. Can we look over what she just performed?”
Frau: “Y-Yeah.”
Frau swipes the screen and a video player console appears at the bottom with play, rewind, and FF buttons.
She presses rewind, allowing us to view what we just recorded.
We try replaying it.
Akiho: “Jun is so colorful.”
Junna: “Thank goodness. You can't see my face.”
Akiho and Junna are also watching the video.
The footage appears to have accurately captured Junna's movement.
Since it records from all sides, it can actually recognize three-dimensional movement.
Frau: “W-We can use this to create different motions...”
Frau: “...Then implement them into the system.”
Frau: “Bye.”
Frau attempts to bail yet again, but I stop her.
Frau: “I want to go home...”
Frau weakly clings to Junna's shoulders like she has anemia or something.
Junna: “Eek, Koujiro-san, um, are you okay?”
Frau: “Th-There's only one way to fix me...”
Frau: “Time to commission a thin-book about Yashio-senpai and Four Eyes! 2ez.”
Not a single one of us know what she means by thin-book, so all we can do is pretend we aren't listening.
Kaito: “You said we can create different motions, yeah? But Model-2's blueprints aren't done yet.”
Kaito: “How are we supposed to make progress?”
Frau: “J-Just do some mocap after the blueprints are done, duh.”
Kaito: “...”
Remind me what the point of urgently gathering everyone here today was?
I knew I should've stayed in bed.
Kaito: “I'm hungry...”
I guess I'll go grab a bite at a lunch joint or something.
