Misaki: “Yes, we have information that I'm sure you'd find most welcome.”
Misaki: “Yes. The results of a certain verification test... Is that enough to understand?”
Misaki: “That's exactly right.”
Misaki: “Please make your decision now. We cannot wait any longer.”
Misaki: “...”
Misaki: “Thank you...”
Misaki: “In regards to that, there's someone we'd like you to meet.”
Misaki: “Yes, of course it's someone related to the project.”
Misaki: “At the very least, I promise you won't be disappointed.”
Misaki: “Yes. Details will follow shortly. Please keep this confidential.”
Misaki: “Very well.”
They hung up first.
Misaki: “...”
I take a small breath.
I look outside the window and see the prominent form of Mt. Fuji in the distance.
When I first saw it, I was overwhelmed by its majesty.
Now I've grown accustomed to seeing it and feel nothing.
Misaki: “End call. Return to factory camera.”
My PokeCom sitting on the dashboard returns to the screen from just before the call.
It shows the inside of Exoskeleton Company's Aichi factory, my current destination.
I can monitor it in real time.
This factory is one of several ExCo factories in Japan. It utilizes the latest, most cutting-edge technology.
It's less of a manufacturing plant and more of a laboratory for building prototype units.
Shown on the monitor is the rapid prototyping unit that the Exoskeleton Company takes pride in.
It's what you would call a 3D printer.
It takes three-dimensional data and builds it in reality. It's not meant for mass production.
But that's not necessary when it comes to building a few prototype models. Rapid prototyping is optimal for this.
It's a marvel that makes me feel like I was an idiot for drawing blueprints in notebooks in the past.
On screen, I see the latest HUG prototype taking form before my eyes.
It's quite large compared to previous HUGs.
We've already reached the sales ceiling for medical care power-assisted suits.
In fact, you could say we sold too many.
Exoskeleton Company is now moving away from medical care and into military and police service.
In reality, the military and police units of various nations worldwide have already started adopting HUGs.
Misaki: “At the end of the day, fighting is the only path forward for robots.”
Misaki: “Just like it's always been in anime and films...”
I mutter to myself and turn off the monitor.
