After we finished our bread, we played for about an hour. It had already gotten dark outside.
But neither of us cared. We just kept staring down at our PokeComs as we played Kill-Ballad.
I'm sure from an outsider's perspective, we might look weird.
But the two of us are dead serious.
I can feel my heartbeat speeding up during our matches.
It's almost painful.
If I lose concentration for even a split second, I'll lose. I've been sitting on the edge of my seat this whole time.
And I'm not just sweating because of the heat.
I feel alive.
Nae-san's skills are the real deal.
Plus, she's getting used to the game's mechanics at an alarming rate.
Which means that the more we play, the more likely it is for me to lose.
Losing is so damn frustrating..
If I don't play another match after losing, I feel at a loss.
And so Nae-san and I just keep playing, on and on.
It's also been a while since I played an opponent who was sitting right next to me.
When I used to play Misa-nee, PokeComs weren't widespread yet, so we always played sitting next to each other.
She really whooped my ass back then.
Misa-nee was a high schooler, and I was an elementary schooler.
But she didn't take any sort of mercy on me.
As a kid who only knew how to mash buttons, I didn't stand a chance.
Misaki: “Pathetic, Kai. Are you abandoning your postas captain of your soul?”
I get goosebumps alongside a feeling of distant nostalgia.
Misa-nee was really merciless back then...
I can't help but grimace as I think back on the old days.
I then glance at the girl sitting next to me.
If I was still in the past, I'd see Misa-nee's profile.
But right now, it's Nae-san.
Nae: “Nngh...”
Since she's right next to me, her physical reactions are directly communicated to me.
It's especially obvious when she's in a disadvantageous situation.
She doesn't react as much when she's winning because she still has her composure.
When up against the wall, people start breathing hard or grinding teeth. Some even click their tongues or swear.
There are all kinds of reactions. When I'm playing, I sharpen my senses, so I naturally pick up on these signs.
Nae: “Oh?”
Nae-san doesn't overreact; she takes a few light, moaning breaths. I picked this up over the last two hours.
It's actually kind of sexy. I obviously don't say that aloud, since she'd probably be weirded out.
Nae: “Aaah...”
And that's that.
I won 10-5.
Nae-san sits her PokeCom off to the side and stretches up into the air.
Nae: “Hahh, I'm pooped.”
Nae: “I can't believe you can stay focused for so long, Kaito-kun.”
Nae-san is massaging her own shoulders while grimacing.
Her focus must be sapped.
If we keep going, we're gonna start laggin'.
Since it's already dark, I guess it's time to call it.
Kaito: “Good games.”
Nae: “Were they? I was so desperate the entire time. It was really rough.”
Kaito: “No, no. I was also getting pretty desperate myself.”
Yes, I won this two hour battle of ours.
But every single match was a close one. If things had settled in her favor, I wouldn't have been surprised.
I notice that the fingers on my right hand are shaking a little.
I applied too much strength to them while I was inputting combos.
Kaito: “Hehe...”
Proof that I was in the zone.
But if I'm this exhausted, I'm a little worried about getting an attack.
It does feel kinda good, though.
Nae-san stands up and looks up at the night sky.
Nae: “Wooow!”
Kaito: “How's this island treating you so far? Pretty good?”
Nae: “Yeah♪ It's a really nice place.”
Kaito: “You sure it's not inconvenient compared to Tokyo?”
Nae: “At times, yeah. But I love how filled with nature this place is.”
Kaito: “As a local, I'm pretty happy to hear that.”
Nae: “But unfortunately, I have to head back to Tokyo at the end of this month.”
Kaito: “Wha—?!”
I doubt my own ears.
Did she just say “end of this month”? That's only four days from now!
Kaito: “What the...? Nobody told me about this...”
Misaki: “Take care of Aki for me.”
Kaito: “This is just like that day...”
Nae: “Huh?”
Kaito: “You're leaving me again!”
Nae: “K-Kaito-kun?”
Kaito: “Er, huh? Oh, uh...”
I snap back to reality.
Crap, I think I just said something weird...
Kaito: “Sorry about all that random weirdness just now...”
Kaito: “I was a little surprised is all.”
Nae: “Are you all right?”
Kaito: “I'm good. Or maybe I'm not? I'm just really sad I have to say goodbye to you, is all. Ahah.”
Nae: “...”
Nae-san continues to look at me with a concerned expression on her face.
I stay locked on her gaze and flash her a fake smile. One of her own eventually takes shape.
Nae: “Do you really feel sad?”
Kaito: “Of course I do!”
Kaito: “I thought I finally found someone I could play on equal grounds.”
Nae: “O-Oh, I see.”
Kaito: “So you're already going back? Isn't this kinda sudden?”
Nae: “You see, I have to negotiate with HQ over the budget for Model-2.”
Nae: “So I figured I'd take the opportunity to head back for a bit.”
Nae: “I'll be back around October, though!”
Kaito: “Oh, so you're coming back?”
It still sucks that after finally finding someone I can play in person, she's not gonna be accessible for a bit.
I'm more disappointed than I expected.
Nae: “So, um... In October, it's gonna be too cold to swim in the ocean, right?”
Kaito: “Yeah, probably. You'll catch a cold, so I recommend against it.”
Kaito: “Why? Did you want to go to the beach or something?”
Nae: “Mmhm. I came all the way out here to a southern island, you know? The ocean is beautiful and it's not crowded, right?”
Nae: “It's the perfect place to go swimming!”
Nae: “But if I'm coming back in October, I probably won't get that chance.”
Nae: “And I don't know if I'll get to stay here all the way until next summer.”
Kaito: “Hmm.”
Nae: “I've been thinking of beaching it up ever since I found out I was coming here.”
Nae: “I even bought a swimsuit at Mitaka.”
Nae: “But I could never get away from work. I missed my chance.”
Busy, huh?
That sucks, since JAXA was on break all through Obon.
And wait, if she didn't go home for Obon, doesn't that mean she was here the whole time?
Well, whatever. I won't sweat the deets.
Kaito: “Then how about we go tomorrow?”
I surprise even myself.
I'm not the sort of guy who would voluntarily ask a girl out.
Maybe I'm more into Nae-san than I thought?
Nae: “You do know tomorrow is a weekday, Kaito-kun?”
Kaito: “Just take a day off. Let's go to the beach tomorrow.”
Nae: “Just the two of us?”
Nae: “Are you asking me out on a date?”
Kaito: “You can take it that way if you'd like.”
Nae: “Wow...”
Nae: “Tanegashima's high schoolers sure are bold♪”
I've never asked a girl out on a date before.
But...
I want to spend as much time as I can with Nae-san.
I want to get to know her better.
God, I sound so cheesy right now.
