Despite there being a couple staff and visitor vehicles in the parking lot, there doesn't seem to be anyone around.
I haven't been to TNSC in like 2 weeks. Now, we have around 30 minutes until our meeting with JAXA.
I exit the bus—which only runs twice a day—massage my shoulders, and crack my neck.
Since Mr. Senomiya and the guys from JAXA are giving us a ride back, we don't have to worry about the bus.
If it weren't for that, I'd never take a bus out here.
Frau: “The pain, the agony... Just end me... These sunbeams are srsly deadly...”
Junna: “Koujiro-san, can you please... try to walk... at least a little?”
Frau: “Duhuhu... Karate-senpai, you smell tera good. Sniff sniff.”
Junna: “H-Hey, uh, stop it...”
Frau: “You smell like vanilla... Is this slut trying to be sexy? Just die already, normie...”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Frau is wearing her school uniform for once and is leaning on tiny Junna's shoulders. She's being dragged along.
Since Akiho decided that Model-2 is going to be built by all of us, we forced Frau to tag along.
She spent the entire time in the bus cursing us. Not my idea of fun.
In any case, I was right to have Junna look after her.
It's thanks to her that we somehow got Frau all the way here, despite the fact that she gave up on walking.
It would've been impossible if it were me, Akiho, or Subaru.
Kaito: “Jun-chan's pretty tough after all.”
She has a small body and is rather cowardly, but those long years of karate training weren't for nothing.
At this point, I guess the reason she's so weak has more to do with her mental strength than anything else.
Mitsuhiko: “All right, kids, listen up.”
Mitchie, our chaperone, gathers us in front of the H-Ⅱ Rocket replica and begins to bark orders.
This dude was nowhere to be found when we almost got kidnapped, but he's here today as our advisor.
Since this is going to involve large sums of cash changing hands, it's a bad idea to have only students present.
Mitsuhiko: “We're gonna decide on our stance for the meeting with Tennouji-san.”
Akiho: “Stance?”
Mitsuhiko: “Yeah. This is an important pro tip.”
Mitsuhiko: “Japanese people aren't good at debates, get me?”
Akiho: “So?”
Mitsuhiko: “You guys've never had a proper debate, have you? Of course not. Schools don't teach you that kind of stuff.”
Mitsuhiko: “That's why I believe this meeting will be the perfect opportunity to train you in the art of the debate.”
Is he finally starting to act like a teacher?
Mitsuhiko: “To that end, I won't be participating in the discussions at all. Zero. Zilch. Good luck!”
Akiho: “Wha—?! So you're abandoning us?”
What the hell?!
I take back everything I thought to myself.
Mitsuhiko: “I'll be napping on a bench somewhere, so just report to me when the meeting is over, Little Senomiya.”
Mitsuhiko: “That's that! You guys have got this! Go kick some butt!”
Akiho: “I can't believe how irresponsible he is.”
Akiho: “I wasn't expecting anything from him to begin with, and I'm still disappointed.”
Kaito: “I didn't think he'd back out of the meeting entirely. His lack of motivation is even worse than Kona-chan's.”
Subaru: “Well, there's no point crying over spilled milk. Let's be on our way or we'll be late.”
Akiho: “Hey! You're an underclassman! You're not the leader here!”
Subaru: “Didn't I tell you that I'm not fond of athletic club-style hierarchies?”
Subaru spits out his words and begins to walk alone.
The meeting's in the conference room of the Takesaki Observatory—the same place we were taken last time.
The Observatory was built on the tip of the carved-out cape. Visible from here, it's only five minutes away on foot.
Akiho: “C'mon, let's do a group chant or something!”
Kaito: “You mean your ‘C.T. Blast of spirit Yoira~iki’ thing?”
Subaru: “No thank you. We're not a sports club.”
Akiho: “But it'll help us feel a sense of unity!”
Junna: “Um, guys... Wait up...”
Are we gonna be okay...?
The meeting with JAXA starts on time. Miraculously.
There are only a handful of participants.
Five members from the Robotics Club and Tennouji-san from JAXA. Akiho's pops isn't even here.
Since Tennouji-san is the sole person in charge of this project, maybe that's not a big deal.
Akiho seems displeased that her dad isn't present.
That said, she easily succumbs to Tennouji-san's smile and explanation that he had work. It'll just be us.
Nae: “Then you'd like to build a new, second unit, instead of the one you tested the other day?”
Akiho: “That's correct.”
Nae: “Wonderful news! Model-1's arms don't move, so it'd be difficult to support it, despite its unique build.”
This was her initial proposal after all.
Whether we receive support or not always hinged on accepting it.
Plus, Akiho was the only one dead set on Model-1, so once she gave in, it was only a matter of time.
The issue is...
Nae: “So, have you already decided on a design concept for Prototype Model-2?”
Akiho: “Not yet.”
Akiho: “I wanted to hear everybody's thoughts on the matter first!”
Subaru: “Allow me to exshplain...”
Subaru raises his hand and begins to speak with a trembling voice.
I totally forgot that he's prone to bouts of nervousness.
He might as well put on Mr. Pleiades's mask.
Subaru: “I prepared an outline...”
Nae: “Ahahah, you don't have to be so nervous, Hidaka-kun.”
Nae: “This isn't a job interview. Let's relax and have some fun!”
Nae: “That's why I didn't have the other TNSC folks come in today.”
Nae: “I figured since I'm close in age to all of you, we could have a more relaxed conversation.”
Subaru: “Th-Thank you...”
Subaru, still disoriented, pulls a notebook from his bag and opens it on the table.
Nae: “Wowie...”
The pages of the notebook are packed with writing.
Though typing in his PokeCom would've been easier, he seems to have chosen paper specifically to hide it from his dad.
Subaru leaves the notebook at school so his dad doesn't discover he's helping us out.
Subaru's high-strung nature and meticulous work ethic is what Akiho called psychotic yesterday.
Subaru: “Sorry, I know it's hard to read.”
Nae: “No, not at all. I think you did an excellent job.”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “Subaru-kun, stop blushing and go on with your explanation.”
Subaru: “I'm nyaaht blushing!”
His face is all red.
Frau: “Virgin master race. Duhuhu.”
Junna: “Huh...?”
I could've sworn I heard Frau say something, but I choose to ignore it.
Nae: “Let's not get too caught up in a specific format and just open up the table. You can use the whiteboard too.”
Subaru: “Umm, so...”
Subaru starts fidgeting.
This isn't good. He's so nervous that he's lost his usual cool.
Junna: “Wow, I didn't think Hidaka-kun was the type to get nervous...”
Junna: “I can kind of relate.”
Junna says as she sticks her tongue out teasingly.
Both Junna and Subaru have poor mental fortitude, I guess.
Frau's a shut-in.
And Akiho and I are just idiots.
Man...
There's not a single reliable person in this club, is there?
Kaito: “Aki-chan, give him some backup.”
Akiho: “What should I do?”
Kaito: “How about reading from his notebook?”
Kaito: “Subaru-kun can just correct you if you make a mistake.”
That'll take the pressure off of him and let things move more quickly.
Kaito: “Show us what you're made of, Madam President.”
Akiho: “All right! I've got this!”
Subaru: “S-Sorry. Thanks...”
Subaru forfeits the notebook to Akiho.
He's as logical as always when it comes to stuff like this.
Akiho gets up from her seat and stands in front of the whiteboard.
Akiho: “But, before we begin...”
Akiho: “I'd like to say something as the president.”
Akiho looks at each of our faces.
Akiho: “I want GunBuild-2 to be something only the five of us here can make.”
Akiho: “I had Jun help with some chores during the construction of GunBuild-1, but...”
Akiho: “This time, I want all our talents to be used. Like, something only Jun can do, or something only Frau Bow can do.”
Akiho: “Let's all build GunBuild-2 together! Woohoo!”
Where does that leave me?
I'm only good at playing video games.
Well, whatever. I'm just going to do what I've always done.
Nae: “Yes, that sounds wonderful!”
Akiho: “Hehe. Didn't I sound like a bona fide president just now?”
Kaito: “All right, all right. Enough with the pats on the back. Let's get moving.”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
She gets carried away whenever she's praised.
So it's important to maintain a good balance between complimenting her and scolding her.
Akiho: “Umm, there's some sort of summary written here, so I guess I'll start from there.”
Akiho: “Is that okay, Subaru?”
Subaru: “Yes, please.”
Akiho: “Alrighty then, let's begin.”
Akiho: “‘To begin...’”
Akiho: “‘I have highlighted the components needed to design Prototype Model-2.’”
Akiho: “‘For each component, the most suitable option needs to be selected in order to end up with the best result.’”
Akiho: “‘I plan on drawing the blueprints afterward.’”
Akiho: “‘The components I have highlighted are as follows...’”
Akiho: “‘Most importantly: What our performance at the Expo shall be post-completion.’”
Akiho: “‘Basic structure.’”
Akiho: “‘Materials.’”
Akiho: “‘Power source.’”
Akiho: “‘Motor.’”
Akiho: “‘Control method.’”
Akiho: “‘Programming.’”
Akiho: “That's what's written here.”
Subaru: “If we can decide on all of those, we'll have a good understanding of what the robot is going to be.”
Akiho: “For the record, GunBuild-1 was designed to focus solely on walking.”
Akiho: “In other words...”
Akiho: “It's not ‘these legs are just for show.’ It's ‘this upper body is just for show’!”
Subaru: “K-Keep the anime references to yourself, please.”
Subaru's cheeky nature briefly resurfaces.
I guess he's loosening up a little.
Subaru: “Um... on the next page I write about the reasons why Model-1 failed.”
Akiho: “Model-1 didn't fail, though...”
She flips the page, all the while making excuses.
Akiho: “‘Model-1 failed because we did not have access to good materials, and the tech we did have prepared was insufficient.’”
Akiho: “‘To support this, if a major company with enough capital and good tech used the same blueprints, they would be able to make a fairly serviceable robot out of them.’”
Akiho: “‘Places such as CONDA, U.S. Robotcom, and Aude all have good track records.’”
Subaru: “One could also argue that the bar for Model-1 was set too high during the design phase.”
Subaru: “No matter how strong a design, if you don't have the means to make it happen, nothing good will come of it.”
Akiho: “Um, Subaru? Could you stop trash talking Model-1?”
Akiho: “I mean, it did walk like it was supposed to.”
Subaru: “Regardless, it is still considered a failure. At least through the eyes of society.”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Nae: “I have a suggestion!”
Tennouji-san raises her hand with a big smile.
Nae: “Model-1 could only move its legs, right?”
Nae: “I don't think there'd be any point to making a robot that was equal to Model-1 or worse.”
Nae: “If possible, I'd like to see the arms, legs, hips, and even the head move too.”
Nae: “You know, like the robot that Yashio-kun was operating during ROBO-ONE!”
Subaru: “It'd be difficult for even a world class manufacturer to build a robot of that mobility at over 10 meters tall...”
Nae: “Ahaha, yeah, I figured...”
Akiho: “But we can't know for sure until we try!”
Subaru: “I want to avoid building it without a plan in place.”
Subaru: “Personally, I believe that Model-1's design constitutes as rape.”
Uh-oh, Subaru's getting heated.
That was some questionable language just now.
Subaru: “Like I said before, given how mangled their original vision became, I feel bad for the designer.”
Akiho: “I didn't modify it because I wanted to...”
Subaru: “No, but you had to. All because your planning was insufficient.”
Subaru: “We only have six months to build Model-2. We need to figure out our limitations and decide on the scope at the planning stage.”
Subaru: “By the way, how many servomotors did TanegashiMachine 3 use?”
Akiho: “It had 24. Why?”
Subaru: “If we attempt to mount that many on a giant robot, the motors alone will be a lot of added weight.”
Nae: “But if you want to make it move intricately, you need at least that many.”
Nae: “You mentioned our Expo performance earlier.”
Nae: “If you're planning on being at the Expo, you need to think about how you're going to appeal to the audience.”
Nae: “Just walking won't be enough.”
Nae: “In fact, you'd be better off getting rid of that function altogether and having it dance or something.”
Subaru: “A robot that specializes in dancing?”
Subaru: “That might be easier to build compared to an all-purpose robot. Depends on the type of dance though.”
Subaru: “For example, you could limit its movement to its upper body.”
Nae: “Have it do the Para Para♪”
Subaru: “...?”
Kaito: “...?”
Akiho: “...?”
Everybody goes quiet.
A moment of silence sets in.
Nae: “Um, wha? Do you guys not know the Para Para?”
Junna: “Isn't that a dance or something?”
Nae: “Yeah. It's popular among high school girls in Shibuya and Harajuku... Er, I guess it used to be popular.”
Nae: “Crud. That was over 10 years ago. Talk about a generation gap...”
Even though we're only like two years apart?
Maybe it's just a difference in where we were brought up.
Subaru: “Let's get back on topic.”
Subaru: “If it just has upper body movement, we could design it without worrying too much about leg strength.”
Akiho: “I want GunBuild-2 to do something other than dance.”
Akiho: “That'd be hard to do, right?”
Akiho: “Plus, you're all forgetting what lies at the foundation of GunBuild-2.”
Kaito: “Foundation? What do you mean?”
Akiho: “The official name for this project is the ‘Let's Build Gunvarrel Project.’”
Akiho: “GunBuild-2 has to be Gunvarrel too.”
Akiho: “Gunvarrel is a robot of justice, so strength and coolness are high priority!”
Tennouji-san nods along to Akiho's words. She seems to be in agreement.
Subaru: “Does it have to be Gunvarrel?”
Akiho: “Do you have any robots besides Gunvarrel that you want to make?”
Subaru: “I'm just saying that we don't necessarily need to follow a preexisting design.”
Subaru: “We can make a Robotics Club original robot, just like TanegashiMachine 3 was for ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “But...”
Akiho pouts.
Akiho: “The Robotics Club has been working on the GunBuild project since it was founded.”
Akiho: “I want to carry that torch forward.”
Akiho: “Is that so bad?”
Subaru: “It's nonsense.”
I shove four fingers into Subaru's mouth after he makes his declaration.
Subaru: “Whoggah?!”
Subaru: “Cough cough. What's the myatter with you?”
Kaito: “Can't you just let it go for once?”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Subaru: “...”
Junna: “I-I agree.”
Junna timidly raises her hand.
I raise my hand as well.
Kaito: “One vote for Gunvarrel.”
All eyes point to Frau.
Our virtuoso programmer has her head down on the table so we can't see her face.
Frau: “I-I shall wager my soul. Dodododo!”
Let's just consider her withdrawn from the vote.
Nae: “I also think it's a good idea. Let's build Gunvarrel.”
Nae: “Oh, but are there going to be any trademark issues?”
Nae: “Let me look into it. We might have to get permission from the rights holder.”
Kaito: “What about you, Subaru-kun?”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru lowers his shoulders, an indifferent expression on his face.
Subaru: “Even if I objected here, there'd be four votes for, one against, and one withdrawal.”
Kaito: “Then that settles it.”
Akiho lets out a sigh of relief.
Nae: “Oh, and the dance stuff I mentioned was just meant to be an example of what we could do.”
Nae: “I just wanted to stress that it doesn't need to be fully capable like a human is or anything.”
Nae: “Hm, let's see... I think in this case, it'd be great if we could recreate Gunvarrel's moves.”
Tennouji-san then glances over at Junna.
Nae: “Maybe we could have it perform a kata to demonstrate its strength.”
Junna: “A kata...?”
Nae: “Yup! We have an experienced martial artist here, after all!”
How did Tennouji-san know that Junna used to be in the Karate Club?
Did she look up the info on her own?
She's friends with Junna on Twipo, too, so maybe she found out that way.
Nae: “Anyway, it'd be wonderful if we had a performance like that that could draw an audience!”
Akiho: “I have a great idea!”
Akiho, already having regained her usual energy, raises her hand up high to solicit attention.
Akiho: “Um, um! What if we implemented a master-slave system and had Jun operate it that way?”
Subaru: “What would be the master in that case?”
Akiho: “Jun herself.”
Nae: “You mean that Model-2 would trace the movements of its human master, yeah?”
Subaru: “That's impossible. You watch too much anime.”
Junna: “Um, what's a master-slave system?”
Nae: “It's a type of robot control system in which the movements of a master are directly traced by the slave.”
Nae: “Out of all control systems, a master-slave system with a human master is likely the most intuitive.”
Junna: “So, um, if I perform a straight punch, the robot will do the same?”
Nae: “That's exactly it.”
Junna: “C-Cool... But it sounds kinda scary.”
Subaru: “It's nonsense. There are way too many issues that need resolving before a system like that could be used.”
Subaru: “If we tried to make a giant robot trace human movements, it'd instantly twist and break the moment it moved.”
Subaru: “The materials used and its motor functionality would have to be dramatically improved over Model-1.”
Akiho: “I-I'm just kidding... I didn't think you'd analyze it so seriously...”
Kaito: “It's pretty hard to tell when you're joking and when you're serious, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “W-Well, sorry...”
Akiho: “But in all seriousness...”
Akiho: “In terms of the performance, I think we should have it do Gunvarrel's iconic pose.”
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Jakiiin!”
Akiho: “Like that!”
Subaru: “I think it'd be fairly easy to just have it make a single pose.”
Akiho: “Though I'd like to have it more poses, if possible.”
Subaru: “What about the exterior? Are we going to recreate Gunvarrel's appearance too?”
Akiho: “Of course. Otherwise, no one would know that it's Gunvarrel.”
Akiho: “Hold up. Don't tell me you're thinking of cutting its exterior to make it lighter or something.”
Subaru: “I am in fact thinking that.”
Subaru: “If you want to have more motors, we'll have to lighten the robot accordingly; otherwise, it's going to be tough.”
Kaito: “Can't we just make the legs beefy again?”
Kaito: “Even Model-1's legs were way chunkier than the original Gunvarrel's.”
Subaru: “If you don't mind it being ugly, sure.”
Akiho: “I mean, I don't disagree, but...”
You don't...?
Subaru: “More motors means more joints.”
Subaru: “And the more weight there is, the more stress that's applied to said joints.”
Nae: “And joints aren't particularly tough.”
Akiho: “Umm, it looks like there are some basic structural proposals in the notebook you prepared for us.”
Subaru: “Correct. They're actually related to our current discussion.”
Akiho: “‘Basic structure proposal number one: monocoque.’”
Akiho: “‘Basic structure proposal number two: hobby robot type.’”
Akiho: “‘Basic structure proposal number three: scale model.’”
Kaito: “I have no clue what any of that means.”
Junna: “S-Same...”
Subaru: “My personal recommendation is the hobby robot type.”
Subaru: “As we increase the number of motors, we shave off every bit of weight we can.”
Subaru: “No extra bells or whistles.”
Subaru: “It'll end up looking like the hobby robot I—er, Mr. Pleiades used.”
Nae: “Oh! You mean the legendary champion's most bestest of best partner!”
Nae: “The M45, right? That robot is so so cool!”
Nae: “And Mr. Pleiades is super mysterious! He looks like a prince from somewhere far away.”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru looks like he's about to start writhing in agony in response to Tennouji-san's fangirlisms.
I can't even hide my grin.
Akiho: “But Subaru, without a proper exterior, it's gonna look super lame for sure! The audience isn't gonna be happy.”
Akiho: “Tennouji-san said that the performance is important, and looks are a part of that.”
Subaru: “If you're dead set on its appearance, you should consider the third option.”
Akiho: “It says ‘Scale model’. What does that mean?”
Subaru: “Exactly what it says. We build a robot that just stands still.”
Subaru: “Remember the old life-size Gunbam in Odaiba back in the day? Something like that.”
Subaru: “Since we wouldn't have to make it move, we could build it to look exactly like Gunvarrel.”
Kaito: “Couldn't we just ask a model manufacturer to make something like that?”
Nae: “I hear it requires a lot of skill to build a mold for that type of robot.”
Kaito: “We could just toss a bunch of cash at a model maker and wipe our hands clean.”
Akiho: “Then we'd be the Model Club. We have to make something that moves.”
Nae: “Indeed. The Robotics Club makes robots, not exterior molds.”
Subaru: “That's why we'll have to compromise on this skin problem.”
Subaru: “And if we're gonna half-ass it, we should just do away with it all. That's what I've been saying from the start.”
Akiho: “Ugh...”
Feeling at a disadvantage, Akiho looks over Subaru's notebook without replying to him.
Akiho: “What about this ‘monocoque’ thing?”
Nae: “A monocoque structure?”
Nae: “Isn't that when the skin or exterior is basically merged with the skeleton of the body...?”
Subaru: “Y-Yes, that's correct.”
Subaru is still shy around Tennouji-san.
He's trying desperately not to make eye contact with her.
Subaru: “If we're going to make a giant bipedal robot, I think the monocoque structure is the most effective way forward.”
Akiho: “Really? What would it look like?”
Subaru: “The most iconic example would be the Jean 2 currently in development by the French company, Runault.”
Nae: “Yup, that's right.”
Nae: “It features a curved exterior and has a more rounded structure overall, yeah?”
Nae: “Curved structures provide better stability too.”
Subaru: “The monocoque structure is ideal if you want to recreate Gunvarrel's form.”
Akiho: “Ooh, ooh! Let's go with that!”
Subaru: “We'd still have to deal with the same issue as with the scale model: Who's going to design it?”
Subaru: “Designing is no simple task.”
Nae: “It'd be a special order. We'd have to ask a craftsman to design and build it. A model manufacturer, for example.”
Subaru: “In the end, we'd outsource the entire project. It'd be costly.”
Nae: “Hmm, that doesn't sound very realistic.”
Akiho: “Oh...”
After seeing a slight glimmer of hope, Akiho's plummet into disappointment is fast.
Subaru: “Especially when we don't know how much of the bill JAXA is willing to front.”
Subaru: “I just figured I'd come up with as many options as possible, even if they're unrealistic.”
Akiho: “Tennouji-san, does one hundred million yen sound doable?”
Tennouji-san rapidly shakes her head left and right.
Nae: “We can't give you that much!”
Akiho: “I figured...”
Nae: “I honestly still believe that your robot needs to have a homemade feel to it.”
Nae: “Plus, lots of makers besides Runault use monocoque structures for their giant robots, right?”
Nae: “If we try to do the same, only with a smaller budget and less tech, we have no chance of winning.”
Junna: “I feel like the bar is way too high to come up with an idea that's appropriate for the budget...”
Nae: “Of course it is. There's money being moved around, after all.”
Nae: “Besides, robots from all over the world will be there. If we just build at random, nobody'll take us seriously.”
Hearing Tennouji-san's real-talk makes me feel like we should give up.
Nae: “So I agree with Hidaka-kun. The hobby robot type is best suited for what you all want to do.”
Nae: “Then, depending on what kind of performance it'll be doing...”
Nae: “We'll figure out what needs to be cut and what needs to be focused on.”
Kaito: “...”
Ugh, I'm getting sleepy.
I can only keep up with about half of what they're saying.
Not that I intended on actually listening in to begin with.
I might as well take a nap like Frau if I'm not gonna understand anything anyway.
Or I could kill time playing KB.
Hm, Akiho'll probably get mad at me if I do that.
I mindlessly stare at my PokeCom after opening it to pass the time.
Maybe I can give Akiho cat ears again using the Cat Ear Mode app from a while back.
Crap, I deleted that.
I do a search and download it again.
It finishes in about 30 seconds, so I boot it up.
Without her noticing, I give Akiho cat ears and a maid outfit in AR.
It's hilarious watching her have a super serious conversation dressed like this.
I want to take a picture, but since you can't mute the camera shutter sound, I end up refraining.
Akiho: “But with Subaru's proposal, we still haven't solved the issue of it not looking like Gunvarrel.”
Subaru: “Then what if we put stickers on it that have Gunvarrel's color scheme?”
Subaru: “People are imaginative. They might realize that it's Gunvarrel from the colors alone.”
Akiho: “...That'd still be so lame.”
Subaru: “In that case, all I can say is that you should give up on its appearance.”
Subaru: “Plus, Model-1 was fairly ugly.”
Subaru: “You said as much yourself, Prez.”
Akiho: “That's just how it turned out in the end. I wasn't trying to make something ugly.”
Akiho: “I don't care. With or without its exterior, I just want it to look like Gunvarrel.”
Exterior, eh...?
Kaito: “Just like this cat ear maid.”
Akiho: “Kai, don't tell me you were goofing off while we were talking.”
Frau: “Yashio-senpai's been putting cat ears on Prez-senpai and grinning about it.”
Akiho: “Whaaa? Again?”
Curse you, Frau! She was peeking at my PokeCom this whole time?
Akiho: “I told you to stop giving me cat ears!”
Kaito: “More importantly, about Model-2's exterior design.”
Kaito: “Why don't we just use AR? Like this cat ear maid outfit?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Everyone looks lost.
Kaito: “Like Subaru said, we have to keep it lightweight. That's why we remove its exterior plating. It's our only choice.”
Kaito: “But as a tradeoff, if you look at Model-2 through ‘IRUO.’, you'll be able to see it as the cool Gunvarrel.”
Akiho: “That just sounds like a cheap trick...”
Kaito: “Who cares if it's a cheap trick?”
Kaito: “Heck, Model-1's exterior was nothing but a cheap trick too.”
Akiho: “Yeah, but...”
Nae: “It's an interesting idea.”
Subaru: “It'll remove the need to actually mold an exterior. I'm for that.”
Nae: “How about it, Akiho-chan?”
Akiho: “Um...”
Akiho: “Kai, first of all, delete those cat ears.”
Kaito: “Fiiiine.”
Akiho: “The entire app, I mean!”
Poor Cat Ear Mode.
Maybe it was fated for you to be erased from my PokeCom twice over.
Not that I'm really all that attached.
Akiho: “There's one thing that bothers me with Kai's proposal.”
Akiho: “Who's going to make the AR Gunvarrel model?”
Kaito: “We don't need to make one.”
Kaito: “We can just reuse the data.”
Akiho: “Data?”
Kaito: “The Kill-Ballad data. The creator is right here.”
And that creator is still collapsed on the table like a dead fish.
Akiho: “You're right! The KB model is super accurate to the anime!”
Kaito: “Kona-chan, are you okay with that?”
Frau: “N-No problem. Everything's fine.”
Well, there you have it.
Frau: “I mean, I didn't do the modeling, though.”
Frau: “It's the masterful work of ChuChu Yasumasa-shi, one of my group-mates in Tokyo.”
Frau: “Lame handle though, right? Duhuhu.”
Nae: “Do we need to get permission from this ChuChu-san?”
Frau: “If I tell him that I'll step on him, he'll do anything.”
Kaito: “Wh-What kind of person is this guy...?”
Frau: “He's 38 with a wife and kids. His hobbies are building plastic models and 3D robot modeling.”
Akiho: “You're having a sordid affair with him?!”
Frau: “H-He's just a member of my group. I step on his back from time to time.”
Frau: “This isn't some eroge!”
Kaito: “Tokyo sounds terrifying.”
Subaru: “I couldn't care less about some perverted graphics designer.”
Subaru: “What's the plan, Prez?”
Akiho: “Considering the budget and remaining time, I'm starting to think that this is our best option...”
Akiho: “All right. Let's go with Kai's proposal.”
Akiho: “Thanks, Kai. Great idea.”
You're quite welcome.
So, uh, when is this meeting gonna wrap up?
There were a bunch of other items of business in Subaru's outline. If we tackle them all, it'll take ages.
As far as I'm concerned, this is just one big waste of time.
I'd like to go home now.
Subaru: “We solved the issue of its appearance, but we still have loads of topics left to cover.”
Subaru: “The materials, for example.”
Akiho: “I remember seeing a few proposals regarding the materials in your notebook.”
Subaru: “Even if we were to go the hobby robot route, a giant bipedal robot's weight is on a different level.”
Nae: “By simple calculation, if its height is 10 times taller, its weight will be a thousand times heavier.”
Kaito: “Really?”
Nae: “Yep. Cubic volume♪”
Junna: “Oh, I, uh, I knew that too...”
Frau: “Yashio-senpai has the brain of an elementary school boy. Duhuhu.”
Kaito: “...”
A one-meter tall Gunvarrel weighing 10 kilograms, scaled to 10 m with the same material...
Would weigh 10,000 kilograms and be a thousand times heavier. But I was too embarrassed to say that out loud.
Subaru: “If it's going to be that much heavier, it's not going to make a difference if we change materials and the like.”
Subaru: “The legs won't be able to support its own weight—especially if we increase the number of joints.”
Subaru: “As a countermeasure, we can either make the legs thicker, or use material that can withstand the total weight.”
Akiho: “So, um, what are some of the solutions you came up with, Subaru?”
Akiho: “There's iron, stainless steel, duralumin, carbon, aluminum, magnesium...”
Subaru: “Iron is cheap but heavy. Aluminum is light but expensive. And compared to iron, it's not as durable.”
Nae: “Whether we prioritize the material's lightness versus its durability is also something we have to think about.”
Akiho: “Which should we go with?”
Subaru: “If we're going to make the robot dance and perform karate katas, I feel that we should use a lighter material.”
Akiho: “Why?”
Subaru: “The heavier it is, the more torque it requires in order to move.”
Subaru: “The lighter, the less torque.”
Akiho: “I see... So that's with the power and movement in mind.”
Subaru: “Also, it may be harsh on the budget, but there's a technique that uses a new material that's gained traction.”
Akiho: “Oh, I see it. It's written in small letters on the margin. Umm...”
Akiho: “Carbon nanotube, CFRP, etc.”
Nae: “Most recently, I've heard that Exoskeleton is building a prototype HUG using graphene.”
Nae: “Granted, they don't make giant bipedal robots, but...”
Akiho: “If we used carbon nanotubes and CFRP to make the robot, wouldn't it turn out more like a scale model?”
Subaru: “The Gunbam in Odaiba also had a steel skeleton with an FRP skin.”
Nae: “I believe it'll reduce the weight tremendously.”
Nae: “But the cost increase will be just as large...”
Subaru: “So that's a no-go.”
Nae: “Mmm, making all the parts out of carbon fiber reinforced plastic would be a little much...”
Nae: “But I think that if we applied a sheet of CFRP onto the surface of aluminum, that alone would drastically improve its durability.”
Subaru: “I see...”
Akiho: “If we do that, can we stay within budget?”
Nae: “Well, um... Er, hahaha...”
Her laughing leads me to believe it'll still be a sizable chunk of cash.
Nae: “Recently, mass production of new materials has become simpler, so it's way cheaper than it was 10 years ago.”
Nae: “But even then, I think it'll still be rough on the budget...”
Nae: “Um, let me talk to the higher-ups about the material issue.”
Looks like she's gonna give it a shot.
But Mr. Senomiya is always complaining about how JAXA doesn't have as much money as NASA.
We probably shouldn't expect too much.
Akiho: “Then let's put the material discussion on hold for now...”
Akiho: “...and talk about how we're going to power and move the robot. It's come up a few times already.”
Subaru: “This is going to greatly affect weight reduction.”
Akiho: “For GunBuild-1, the diesel engine and generator were really heavy.”
Subaru: “It was nonsense to even consider putting a diesel engine in a robot.”
Akiho: “Wait, really?”
Akiho: “My sister said that the fastest way to get a robot moving is to mount an electric automobile engine to it!”
Akiho: “She wrote that as a comment in the GunBuild-1's blueprints.”
Subaru: “It's true that it eliminates the need for a generator.”
Subaru: “But be that as it may, its force is insufficient.”
Junna: “Um, I'm not really following...”
Junna raises her hand timidly.
Junna: “A car will move with an engine, right?”
Junna: “But are engines not suited for robots?”
Nae: “Excellent question!”
She sounds like a teacher.
She might be better in that role than Mitchie.
Nae: “In a car, an engine's piston movement is converted to rotary motion by the crankshaft in order to turn the wheels.”
Nae: “For robots, however, we need to move the servomotors, not the wheels.”
Nae: “But unlike the wheels of a car, servomotors do not necessarily all face the same direction.”
Nae: “Plus, we're not trying to move all of the motors at the same time and at the same speed either.”
Nae: “That's why simple rotation mechanics won't work.”
Nae: “At the end of the day, we have to control each motor individually.”
Nae: “And in order for us to accomplish that, we require electrical power.”
Nae: “Model-1 converted its engine's vertical movement into rotational movement, which then activated the generator.”
Nae: “It then moved each motor with the electricity it generated.”
Nae: “So it was fairly inefficient.”
Kaito: “It should've had external engines attached via cable.”
Kaito: “And then I wouldn't have had to get inside that stupidly awful cockpit.”
Akiho: “Like an umbilical cable?”
Excuse me...?
Is that different from an umbilical cord?
Akiho: “The reason I didn't go with cables is because I was prioritizing walking.”
Akiho: “If it was connected by cable, we would've run the risk of it breaking off or getting tangled around its feet.”
Akiho: “That's why it was stored in the body. This is how it's been since the original blueprint phase.”
With that walking speed, I doubt there was any risk of that happening.
Junna: “Um... What about the small power generators you see people using for stalls at summer festivals?”
Junna: “Why couldn't we use something like that to generate electricity?”
Akiho: “I don't think the output would be enough.”
Akiho: “Even a diesel engine meant for trucks couldn't do the trick.”
Akiho: “A small generator would only move GunBuild-1's feet a few millimeters, if that.”
Junna: “O-Oh, okay...”
Subaru: “Model-1's servomotors being powered by electricity also had an effect.”
Subaru: “There was just way too much power consumption.”
Subaru: “That said, if we used hydraulics or pneumatics, the devices would be heavy and hard to control. Expensive too.”
This all sounds like a giant pain in the ass.
Nae: “If only there were a generous person out there who'd be willing to part with their used power shovel for free...”
Nae: “Then we could utilize its hydraulic motor.”
There's no way a sugar daddy like that is just gonna appear out of nowhere.
Akiho: “Then I guess we gotta go with wired electricity...”
Subaru: “Your sister's concern about wires getting tangled was and still is a good point.”
Subaru: “You're nothing to write home about, but your sister is quite the designer.”
Akiho: “E-Excuse me???”
Kaito: “Calm down, Aki-chan. He's just pointing out the truth.”
Kaito: “Here, have some Skal.”
Akiho tucked a bottle of Skal into her bag before leaving for the meeting.
Akiho: “Can't you be a bit more heroic at times like these?”
Akiho pouts and takes a swig from the bottle.
Akiho: “SKAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!”
Must be nice to be able to regain your energy with just a single drink.
Subaru: “Let's assume that we'll be using an external power source for now.”
Subaru: “We could always make it a wireless system.”
Akiho: “Oh! A wireless power supply, right? I remember you telling me all about that a while back.”
Nae: “I hear a lot about that tech these days.”
Subaru: “PokeComs have wireless power supplies. In terms of consumer products, stores sell them for hobby robots.”
Subaru: “We wouldn't need an engine, generator, or batteries. We wouldn't require cables either.”
Akiho: “Umm, it says in your notebook, ‘Electrical and magnetic field resonator.’ Is that the official name?”
Subaru: “Correct.”
Nae: “They're also known as magnetic resonators.”
Subaru: “Simply put, it's the same principle as resonance with a tuning fork.”
Akiho: “Isn't it expensive? You said so before.”
Subaru: “In order to extract energy from it, we would need a giant coil, so it might come with a high price tag.”
Nae: “Have you accounted for the coil's weight?”
Subaru: “What?”
Nae: “You're going to mount a large coil on the robot instead of an engine or a generator, right?”
Nae: “How heavy would this coil be?”
Subaru: “I imagine it'd be slightly lighter than the total sum of a diesel engine's weight combined with a generator's.”
Subaru: “Since Model-2 will likely require more power than Model-1, the power device would have to be bigger than Model-1's.”
Subaru: “Comparatively, a coil would be on the lighter side.”
Nae: “Would it provide sufficient power?”
Subaru: “That... I don't know.”
Nae: “One of the cons of a magnetic resonator is that its transmission efficiency is less than optimal.”
Nae: “For the size of the device we're dealing with, we may not be able to extract much power from it.”
Akiho: “For real?”
Nae: “Oh, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying we can't go wireless.”
Nae: “There are other kinds of wireless power supplies. Why don't we consider those too?”
Subaru: “Other kinds...?”
Looks like the thought hadn't crossed Subaru's mind.
He looks uncharacteristically confused.
Subaru: “You mean electromagnetic induction?”
Subaru: “That's what PokeComs use. The issue is that they only transmit power over a few centimeters of distance.”
Nae: “Um, not that. There are actually a couple more ways you can do it.”
Tennouji-san starts looking something up on her PokeCom.
Nae: “Oh, right here. Laser transmission and microwave transmission.”
Nae: “Both of them use the same principles as electromagnetic induction.”
Nae: “The only difference is the method of transmission. Power is converted into EM waves, laser beams, or microwaves.”
Nae: “EM waves have low directivity so the energy easily disperses.”
Nae: “But laser beams and microwaves, unlike EM waves, have very high directivity.”
Nae: “In other words, you can transmit energy farther without worrying about dispersal.”
Akiho: “Huh. Cool. Let's go with that then!”
Nae: “Oh, but microwave transmission isn't suited for powering giant robots, so just ignore that option.”
Akiho: “Wait, why not?”
Nae: “Since we'd be launching microwaves, the entire surrounding area would be like the inside of a microwave oven.”
Nae: “Everybody nearby would certainly die. Like, the person in the cockpit, for example.”
Akiho: “...”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Junna: “Ngh...”
How can she talk about something so gruesome with the usual smile on her face?
Like, she's smiling, but her eyes aren't.
Akiho: “Wh-What about laser transmission? Is that safe?”
Nae: “Umm, if you point the laser at someone, they might die.”
Akiho: “...”
Nae: “Oh, but laser beams glow and are visible to the naked eye. They also only travel in a straight line.”
Nae: “The danger of someone dying is a lot lower than if we used microwaves♪”
Nae: “The transmission device would end up being a whole lot of work.”
Nae: “But for the receiver, you'd only need to mount a parabolic antenna and a battery onto the robot.”
Subaru: “How big would they be?”
Nae: “If we were to manually aim the laser from the transmission device, then the size of the antenna wouldn't matter.”
Nae: “But since the robot will always be moving, a small antenna might be a bit difficult to target.”
Nae: “So we'll need to take that into consideration and make sure we pick the appropriate size.”
Akiho: “A laser death beam, huh...?”
Akiho closes her eyes and crosses her arms. She then slips into thought.
It's like she's in a trance.
I can understand Akiho's hesitation on this.
This is far too dangerous for any of us to handle.
We should stick to the safe, wired option.
Akiho's eyes suddenly open wide.
She has a grin on her face.
Akiho: “That sounds kinda cool! Like a beam rifle or something!”
Kaito: “I totally forgot that's who you are, Aki-chan. You're just that kind of girl, huh.”
Subaru: “Isn't that too dangerous? If we make a mistake, someone could end up dead.”
Subaru: “And we're going to use something like that at the Expo venue?”
Junna: “I-I'm scared.”
Nae: “Ahahah. Well, that's just assuming we go with a wireless power source.”
Nae: “I'm just here to point out that the technology exists.”
Nae: “I also personally think our best bet is to go with a wired power supply.”
Nae: “If we were to use laser beam transmission, we wouldn't be able to have a pilot ride the robot.”
Akiho: “B-Because they'd die?”
Tennouji-san nods her head.
A cold chill runs through my body.
Subaru: “Even if we don't use laser beam transmission, it should be remotely operated.”
Subaru: “Prez, don't tell me you're still obsessing over the master-slave control scheme? It's absurd, not to mention infeasible.”
Akiho: “I told you, I was only kidding!”
Akiho: “But I do insist on having someone ride in the cockpit. I've wanted that from the start.”
Subaru: “Only because you think it's cool, right?”
Akiho: “Exactly!”
Welp, here we go.
Akiho: “Like I've said a billion times, a robot's true value lies in being able to ride inside of it!”
Akiho: “I personally want to spend the most time on its cockpit.”
Akiho: “I was really unsatisfied with how GunBuild-1's turned out.”
Akiho: “Don't you want to operate a robot with control sticks? You do, right?”
Don't look to me for approval.
Akiho: “Oh, and a 360-degree omnidirectional display! It'd show the front, back, sides, above, and below of the robot!”
Akiho: “Ah, but that might be a little too normal, actually.”
Akiho: “The master-slave system would also be really great.”
Akiho: “The reason I said it was just a joke is because it's kind of embarrassing.”
Akiho: “With a master-slave, the pilot would have to wear a skintight suit, right?”
Akiho: “I can't just show up in something like that. I'd be sooo embarrassed!”
Akiho: “If Kai were the pilot, fine, but imagine if me or Jun had to do that in an emergency situation or something!”
Akiho: “Nope, nope, nope, nope! I'd die of embarrassment!”
Akiho: “Anyway, even though a master-slave system would be crazy cool, it's unrealistic.”
Akiho: “So, if you ask me, I'd probably go with a handle if I wanted to avoid clichés and—”
Then Akiho suddenly comes to her senses.
She looks at us with a stiff smile.
Akiho: “Er, I-I guess I got a little worked up there.”
Frau: “Nice delusion, lmao.”
Nae: “You sure looked like you were having fun, Akiho-chan♪”
Subaru: “We're not playing with toy robots here.”
Akiho: “I'm sorry...”
She really loses it when it comes to robots.
Nae: “Shouldn't we ask the pilot for his opinion on the cockpit?”
Nae: “Yashio-kun?”
Ugh, is she really asking me?
She just got finished talking about a power source that'd kill the pilot if they were inside. How nonchalant.
Kaito: “I don't want to die. The end.”
Kaito: “And I don't remember volunteering to be the pilot.”
Nae: “Oh, please.”
Nae: “Weren't you the pilot during ROBO-ONE and the Model-1 test run the other day?”
Kaito: “Pure happenstance. I didn't want to do either.”
Kaito: “If you force me to pilot Model-2, I'm quitting the Robotics Club right here and now.”
Akiho: “Whaaaa? Don't say that.”
Kaito: “I told you, I don't want to die. If you're using laser beam transmission, remote control is a must!”
Nae: “What about you, Daitoku-san?”
Junna: “Uh, m-me...?!”
Asking Junna will just yield the same answer.
Nae: “I heard that you're also a pilot.”
Junna: “I-I was just told to do it by the president... Oh, uh, I mean the Space Candy president...”
Junna: “He keeps telling me to do it, and I keep turning him down...”
Junna: “So, I haven't done anything, really.”
Nae: “Whoa, whoa. Don't cry.”
Tennouji-san gets flustered when she sees Junna's tearful eyes.
She hands her a handkerchief and starts rubbing Junna's small back.
Nae: “All right. I understand the current situation.”
Nae: “Make pretend. If you were the pilot, which method would you prefer?”
Junna: “Um...”
Junna glances at Akiho to check her expression.
Akiho wears a lonely smile on her face.
I figured she'd try and pressure Junna into it, but I guess she's given up.
Junna: “Um, I... don't want to die either.”
Well, of course not.
Subaru: “That settles it.”
Subaru: “Remote control is the way to go. Especially when you also consider the weight issue.”
Akiho: “Okay...”
Akiho: “Kai and Jun's lives are more important than building a robot. I don't want to put them in a dangerous situation.”
Kaito: “Wow, an uncharacteristically decent opinion!”
Akiho: “What's that supposed to mean?!”
She glares at me.
Just like her older sister did.
Nae: “So, we're going to make a giant robot that's built like a remote-controlled hobby robot.”
Nae: “In that case, this should be right up your alley, Yashio-kun!”
Kaito: “You got me all wrong, Tennouji-san.”
Kaito: “The reason why I agreed to do it at ROBO-ONE was because we had the KB control scheme available to us.”
Kaito: “Otherwise, it wouldn't have made a difference if it were me or not.”
Kaito: “In other words...”
I pause for a beat so that everyone hears me clearly.
Kaito: “I'll never pilot it unless it has the same control scheme as Kill-Ballad.”
Kaito: “Got it?”
It's like everyone's trying to make me the pilot against my will. But if we go the remote control route...
...We'd eliminate any danger from the process. Junna could do it, and our sponsors'd be happy.
Frau: “Th-Then how about just programming KB's control system into Model-2?”
Frau, who had been facing down on the table this entire time, suddenly mumbles.
I didn't see this one coming.
Kaito: “Hahaha...”
I try to laugh it off, complete with a fake smile.
Unfortunately, Akiho latches right on.
Akiho: “Let's do that!”
Kaito: “W-Wait, seriously?”
Akiho: “Frau Bow mentioned it herself, which surely means she's going to program it for us, right?”
Akiho: “I've been waiting for you to step up to the plate, Frau Bow!”
Frau: “...”
Frau turns the other way as Akiho draws closer.
Frau: “That has nothing to do with this.”
Akiho: “This is your chance to show us what you've got!”
Akiho: “We need your programming skills in order to make GunBuild-2, Frau Bow!”
Akiho: “So pretty please write us up a program? Please?!”
Akiho: “If you agree to do that, I'll ditch the cockpit system.”
Subaru: “I'm also for implementing KB's controls.”
Subaru: “In fact, I was thinking of asking Furugoori to construct the overall control system for Model-2.”
Subaru: “The quality of Model-2's programming is likely to become its most important element.”
Subaru: “If we have a reliable control system, we can overcome spec issues.”
Frau: “No thank you.”
Frau frowns and shakes her head.
Frau: “I-I'm tera busy. Ain't nobody got time for that.”
Akiho: “But wait, you're the one who brought up the idea!”
Frau: “I-I'm going to describe what just happened to me...”
Frau: “I proposed implementing KB's controls, but then suddenly, I'm tasked with doing the whole control system.”
Frau: “Y-You might not understand what I'm saying, but I don't understand what happened either....”
Subaru: “I mean, you might as well, right? Aren't you a self-proclaimed prodigy?”
Frau: “D-Don't make it sound like programming is no big deal.”
Frau: “I-I bet you think I just sit in front of a PC and tip tap tip tap the night away or something. I understand.”
Frau: “Yeah, no. It's not easy at all.”
Frau: “Don't you underestimate programming!”
Frau: “P-Plus, I don't know the first thing about a real robot's programming.”
Akiho: “E-Er, did we upset her?”
Maybe the endless storm of demands from KB players is starting to get to her.
Subaru, on the other hand, looks unfazed.
So Akiho ends up apologizing on his behalf.
Akiho: “I'm sorry. Really, I am.”
Akiho: “But you're a member of the Robotics Club, too, Frau Bow, and you're the only one we can trust with this.”
Frau: “I-I-I didn't join because I wanted to.”
Frau: “I only write the programs I want to write. Rekt.”
This isn't good. She's totally upset.
Kaito: “Let's put this programming issue on hold. We're probably not going to get anywhere right now.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Then let's talk about the pilot—er, I guess they'd be the operator since it'll be remotely controlled.”
Akiho: “We're going to have to put that on hold, too, because we don't know what the control method is going to be.”
Kaito: “...”
Frau brought up the KB system, so does she intend on programming it into the robot?
If she does, I'm going to end up having to be the pilot—er, operator.
Kaito: “Let's put that on hold too—”
Frau: “I can write a Kill-Ballad System configured for giant robots.”
Curse you, you damn shut-in!
Akiho: “Thank goodness! You're a lifesaver, Frau Bow!”
Akiho: “So now that we have the control method and the operator decided on—”
Kaito: “W-Wait, hold on. Are you sure? Just like that?”
Akiho: “Kai, did you already forget what you said earlier?”
Akiho: “‘I'll never pilot it unless it has the same control scheme as Kill-Ballad.’”
Akiho: “Own up to your words, Kai.”
She's acting like she's my big sister or something.
Kaito: “Then you'll have to beat—”
Akiho: “It. Is. Decided.”
Kaito: “This is a dictatorship! I demand this club be shut down!”
Akiho: “Fine, let's take a vote.”
Akiho: “All in favor of Kai being the operator.”
Everybody raises their hands.
Kaito: “Hmph. Gee, I'm sooo popular.”
Guess I dug my own grave.
Kaito: “Then I have one other request.”
Akiho: “What is it?”
Kaito: “I'll be the operator. I don't really have a choice in the matter.”
Kaito: “But that's a lot of pressure for just me to handle. Can we at least make Jun-chan the sub-operator?”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Junna jolts in response.
Kaito: “Why do you look so surprised?”
Kaito: “You were technically one of Model-1's pilots.”
Junna: “Well, um, like I said earlier, that was only because the Space Candy president said...”
Subaru: “Is Space Candy going to continue to sponsor us through Model-2's development?”
Akiho: “We won't know until we talk to them.”
Kaito: “What the president wants is definitely important, but I personally want Jun-chan as my sub-operator.”
Kaito: “It won't be dangerous this time. Can you help me out?”
Junna: “Yashio-kun...”
After hesitating for a while, Junna meekly nods her head.
Junna: “Um, uh... If I can be of help...”
If only she'd gone “All right, let's do it!” instead.
...But I can't imagine Junna ever doing something like that.
Anyway, I've managed to avoid being the only person responsible.
I'm happy just to have an excuse to get me out of club activities. As long as Junna's there, I'm good to go.
Subaru: “We have one other unresolved matter to discuss.”
Subaru: “The motor.”
Subaru: “An electrically-driven servomotor won't have enough torque and will consume too much power.”
Subaru: “It'd be impossible to make the robot perform a kata or dance.”
Nae: “Lots of makers use hydraulic systems. Plus, they have a long history of being used in industrial robots.”
Subaru: “Indeed.”
Akiho: “Ah, what if we tried using that thing?”
Junna: “What do you mean by that?”
Akiho: “The thing that fell from the sky the other day. The mono—”
Kaito: “Hiyah!”
I drill four of my fingers into Akiho's mouth.
Akiho: “Ugagh! Cough cough.”
Akiho: “Wh-What are you doing!? Cough.”
I swiftly transition into a headlock while Akiho squirms. I keep our idiot president's head under my arm.
Kaito: “Didn't you promise to keep that a secret?”
Akiho immediately stops resisting.
Once I let go, she goes quiet, tear-filled eyes and all.
Nae: “Umm, wh-what's going on? What's that supposed to be?”
Akiho: “Gunbanium Alloy...”
What a lame lie.
Nae: “Er, that's just fictional.”
Akiho: “It was a joke in violation of our club code of conduct: ‘A president may be dismissed for joking around too much.’”
Akiho: “I realized I made a mistake. I apologize...”
I'm glad she gets it.
Subaru: “Cough. Um, I guess we'll place the motor situation on hold as well...”
Subaru obviously clears his throat and forcefully ends the conversation.
Subaru: “B-But we have a general idea of the direction we should head in.”
Subaru: “Though there are a lot of things on hold...”
Subaru: “I think we can call it a day.”
Nae: “Sounds good to me! This was a very productive meeting.”
Nae: “And hopefully we can nail down the more nebulous issues sooner rather than later.”
Nae: “Who is going to be designing Model-2?”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru softly raises his hand.
Akiho: “I'll also be contributing as well.”
Nae: “Best of luck to the both of you.”
Nae: “I believe the parts we discussed today should stay within budget.”
Nae: “The material situation is on hold, but I'll try and negotiate with the folks up top to get them to cooperate.”
Nae: “Space Candy Company, was it? If they can continue their sponsorship, that'd be a huge help too.”
Nae: “Akiho-chan, can you go and talk to the president?”
Akiho: “Ah, of course!”
Akiho: “But I'm kind of surprised.”
Nae: “Why?”
Akiho: “Dad always went on about how JAXA had no money and stuff.”
Akiho: “But after all our demands, I can't believe you've agreed to provide the funding, just like that.”
Akiho: “Is this whole support project actually a part of some much larger thing...?”
Nae: “Ahahah, no, not at all.”
Nae: “But... there are a lot of high expectations.”
Nae: “That's why they're being so flexible. Hee hee hee.”
Tennouji-san giggles, but once again her eyes are not laughing.
Just who is this girl?
