At this time of year, nobody sells hot drinks.
And it sucks.
That's what I think to myself whenever I enter Frau's room.
I was at the hangar all morning, but Frau called me over. It's only a three-minute walk, so I obliged.
Kaito: “What's going on?”
Frau: “R-Rank #1 is online.”
#1, eh...? That's Takanoai.
Their official handle name is TAKANO_EYE_1998. It's probably a play on words, since “taka” means “hawk.”
Get it? “Hawk Eye.” But in my mind, she's a girl named Takano Ai.
I've fought her a number of times, but I lose at a ratio of around 1:99. It's rare for me to win.
I've always wanted to stick it to Takanoai and knock her down a peg.
I use the tip of my foot to push aside the trash and dirty clothes on the floor before sitting down with a sigh.
It's lunch, so I take the melon bread from Mizuka-san's out of its bag. Frau watches enviously as I bite into it.
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “You look like you're about to drool.”
Frau: “I haven't eaten anything today...”
Frau: “B-But it's not like I m-move around, so I'm fine eating one meal a day.”
Frau: “And thanks to that, I d-don't get fat. Duhuhu.”
Frau: “Or wait, are you actually a chubby chaser?!”
Kaito: “I said nothing of the sort. Don't start yelling at me out of nowhere.”
I can't help but bestow a cream puff upon her.
Kaito: “Here, you can have this.”
Frau: “Y-You put sleeping pills in this, didn't you? Then while I'm asleep, you're gonna have your way with me...”
Frau: “H-How deplorable! What eroge is this?!”
Frau: “I'll never get married now! If you don't take responsibility, I'll kill you and then off myself too!”
Kaito: “If you don't want it, I'll eat it.”
Frau: “My bad, duhuhu. I'll eat it. I-I'm just your pet. I'll take anything you give me. Please bestow more upon me.”
I can't keep up with her, as usual.
I ignore her, since it's tiring to continue this charade.
Frau: “Delish.”
Frau munches away at the cream puff and smiles happily.
Kaito: “Hey, so about yesterday.”
Kaito: “Are you seriously going to implement the Kill-Ballad System into Model-2?”
Frau: “If you're making a Gunvarrel robot...”
Frau uses her finger to wipe the custard cream from the side of her lips, then sucks on her whole finger.
What a messy eater...
Frau: “Wouldn't it be more like G-Gunvarrel with the Kill-Ballad System?”
Kaito: “I didn't think you'd be so big on the whole giant robot thing, Kona-chan.”
Frau: “H-However! That Cheeky Four Eyes who tried to force me to make the whole control system is n-no good.”
Kaito: “‘Cheeky Four Eyes’?”
Oh, him.
Kaito: “Wouldn't it be more reflective of your intentions if you made the control system too?”
Frau: “You're right, but it's a pain.”
Frau: “I-I'm actually tera busy. I only slept for an hour yesterday. 2ez!”
Kaito: “Even though you're a shut-in?”
Frau: “Don't underestimate shut-ins. I'm not just sitting around idle.”
Kaito: “What exactly are you doing?”
Frau: “KB admin and ver. updates, browsing the net, emulating 20-year-old eroge, buying thin-books on auction sites...”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “Duhuhu. This is the part where you say this, Yashio-senpai.”
Frau: “‘This girl's hopeless. I’d better do something quick.’”
She's at least self-aware that she's a mess.
Kaito: “But Gunvarrel moves really quickly in KB.”
Kaito: “Reproducing that speed was possible with the Honorary Prez, but it'd be impossible for Model-2. It's too big.”
Frau: “A-Agreed.”
Frau: “Wh-Which is why we should just not add those kinds of moves to the command list, right?”
Frau: “W-We can prepare more unique motions in th-their place.”
Kaito: “Motions? You mean like different moves?”
Frau nods her head a number of times.
Frau: “A-All of KB's animations are combat animations, so they can't be r-reused.”
Frau: “If you bring that to the Expo, people'd be all, ‘Who are you even fighting,’ amirite?”
Just having a simple conversation with Frau can be tiring because she whips out all kinds of weird words.
Frau: “Y-You should prepare a few safe motions for the performance that won't put pressure on the joints.”
Frau: “And use commands to execute them. Or something.”
Kaito: “Huh.”
I thought she was just kind of spewing whatever yesterday, but I guess she really did give it some thought.
Frau: “Sooo, we should use Karate-senpai as our test subject!”
Kaito: “Karate-senpai?”
Ah, she means Junna.
Frau: “That tiny senpai seems like such a pushover.”
Frau: “Honey her up a bit with flattery and she'd do anything you want. I mean that in a sexual way.”
Kaito: “You really are a pervert, Kona-chan.”
Kaito: “You're making the face of a villain. The kind who gets killed in five seconds by the hero.”
Frau: “A minion, right? I understand.”
Frau: “Feel free to go all out on Karate-senpai too, wink wink, nudge nudge. But don't forget to clean up.”
I seriously don't know what she's trying to say...
Frau: “I ordered motion capture equipment yesterday.”
Frau: “I'll contact you when it's here.”
Kaito: “Me?”
She probably wants me to talk to Junna and help set up the equipment.
Kaito: “If you want my help, you gotta beat me in a match.”
Frau: “I don't mind at all!”
Whoa, she's super into the idea.
Frau: “I heard Four Eyes beat you after about 200 matches.”
Kaito: “Where'd you hear that?”
Frau: “I'm always keeping tabs on UMISHO-shi's match history, got a problem?”
Kaito: “Didn't think you'd stalk me with admin privileges.”
Frau: “S-So I'm pretty sure I could beat you after about 500 matches.”
Kaito: “Nope. Not happening. One battle only.”
Frau: “Nice rule bending, lmao! Acting like you haven't beat up people weaker than you countless times!”
Kaito: “I set my own terms.”
Frau: “Tyrant, lol.”
Frau: “I-In that case, I have my own plan.”
Kaito: “What?”
Frau: “When the match starts, I-I'll slowly take off my clothes right in front of you.”
Kaito: “Excuse me?”
Frau: “You're a spineless virgin, so you'll drop your PokeCom and run away.”
Frau: “Then I'll boil some water and make coffee.”
Frau: “Put my clothes on.”
Frau: “Start the Kill-Ballad match.”
Frau: “Boom. Flawless Victory!”
Is there even a point to the coffee in that process?
Kaito: “You think I'd abandon a match just because I saw a naked girl? Don't underestimate me.”
Kaito: “If you do that, I'll take glances at your tiny boobs while giving you a beat-down in-game.”
Frau: “Wh-What a sadist... But I like that.”
Why is she blushing and looking embarrassed?
This is becoming a pain.
If Frau tries to push the mocap stuff on me, I'll just push it on Akiho instead.
I eat the last bit of melon bread in my hand.
Kaito: “By the by, make any progress with your mom?”
Frau: “A-Actually, I'm relying on you for clues a-about that, Y-Yashio-senpai.”
Kaito: “Don't expect too much.”
Frau: “Next Kimijima Report, plz.”
Kaito: “I haven't looked for it yet.”
It feels like I'm gonna have to search the entire island for it, so my motivation is low.
But I can't afford to just sit around either.
Subaru can take care of building Model-2, so I've been freed from my duty as Akiho's watcher.
Now might be a good opportunity.
Kaito: “You really shouldn't just assume these reports are all tied to your mom, either.”
Frau: “M-More importantly, there have been rumors about the Gunvarrel final episode on Twipo for some reason.”
Kaito: “That's outta nowhere.”
I recall her telling me the supposed true reason behind the final ep's cancellation.
It's deeply tied to her mom's disappearance. Or so she says.
Frau: “Th-The actual rumors themselves are nothing burgers.”
Frau: “B-But I have no idea why they started making the rounds now.”
Frau: “It's been almost four years since the show ended.”
Frau: “There's no reason why rumors about the last episode should be surfacing now. IDGI.”
Frau: “Yet it's one of today's trending Twipo words.”
Kaito: “Maybe someone involved started it? Heck, maybe even your mom.”
Frau: “The rumors supposedly started on @channel.”
Frau: “B-But it's not like someone actually found the mysterious final episode, and things have kinda calmed—”
Frau: “...!”
We got a match?!
The sound came from the PokeCom we've been using for the cheater hunt.
Kaito: “Here we go. It's Takanoai.”
Takanoai's unique ability is her AI-level response time and accurate counterattacks.
She shows zero hesitation and crushes every attack pattern I throw at her with insane accuracy.
She's not just reading my moves. This is on another level.
And this typically goes from the start of a match all the way to the end.
Sometimes you'll get lucky and get a hit in, or she'll whiff on a counter attack and you can get a rush in.
But the chances of things going well are astronomically low.
Bob Lee at number three is a total cutie in comparison. At least he's beatable.
However, Takanoai shows not even the slightest hint of mercy.
Her defensive game is flawless, using counters to their fullest extent.
Since she clearly doesn't care about showing off, she can even beat top rankers consistently.
Takanoai never goes on the offense, so if her opponent doesn't take the initiative, many rounds end up as draws.
Kill-Ballad is a game that doesn't end until someone is defeated, so these matches can go on forever.
Usually, her opponent will carelessly attack out of impatience, take huge counter damage, and suffer defeat.
It's been analyzed on the internet, and the longest game went for 213 rounds of draws, with Takanoai never budging.
Her opponent finally lost patience in round 214, carelessly attacked, ate her counter, and was defeated.
Despite being the top player in a game played by 20 million, fans don't think too highly of her and her style.
When you search for Kill-Ballad on Twipo, you always see complaints about Takanoai.
Her super reaction speed is on par with my Slo-mo. Maybe even more incredible actually.
It's like the legendary quote, “I watched the footsies and went for a Dragon Punch.” Her speed resembles that.
To be perfectly frank, it's inhuman.
If I had to make a comparison...
I'd say a match against Takanoai feels more like you're fighting a high-level CPU.
Kaito: “Just for the record, do you think there's an effective strat against Takanoai?”
Frau: “Senpai, you should activate your powers. You know the whole schtick. Release the power in your right arm.”
Kaito: “Er, right arm? If it's Slo-mo you're referring to, I told you. I can't just activate it at will.”
Frau: “A-Are you saying you need a v-virgin's kiss to activate it?!”
Frau: “Then feel free to use m-me anytime you want.”
Frau: “P-Personally, I'd get tera turned on if the activation flag was a kiss from someone of the same sex, duhuhu.”
Frau: “FOUR EYES! Call that Cheeky Four Eyes here! He must kiss you!”
It'd be nice if she didn't go off to her delusional world constantly.
Frau: “I-In all seriousness, she might have the same ability you do.”
Kaito: “I don't have ‘powers.’ This isn't an ability, it's an illness.”
Kaito: “Whatever. You'd better get the evidence this time. I'm using up my precious time here.”
Frau nods after I say this.
Kaito: “All right!”
The moment I'm victorious, I instinctively stand up and shout.
Kaito: “I beat the best of the best!”
Kaito: “Whew! That was tough!”
Kaito: “Heh. Heh, heh, heh, heh.”
Kaito: “Your cheats ain't gonna work on me! If this pisses you off, come at me for real.”
Kaito: “Well, if you had guts like that, you wouldn't cheat your way into first place anyway.”
Kaito: “I'll crush all the cheaters and take the top spot for myself!”
The KB leaderboards are determined by cumulative match results, so my win here doesn't change anything.
But I'm still psyched to have beaten the best of the best.
Kaito: “Man, I got fired up...”
I end up stealing the Senomiya sisters' catchphrase.
Frau: “Yashio-senpai, I barely recognized you for a second there.”
Frau: “Are you like an eroge hero who suddenly acts like a sadistic old perv once the sex scene starts?! I get it.”
Frau: “Your true nature is frightening... But I'm into it.”
Frau: “Ride the momentum and go tease that Cheeky Four Eyes. Gimme now.”
Frau: “Hm, Yashio-senpai x Cheeky Four Eyes, eh? I thought it'd be the reverse, but it turns out this is the right way.”
Frau: “Def worth making this into a thin-book.”
Frau starts grinning creepily again, so I decide to not even bother with an interjection.
Kaito: “Ahh, dammit! Shit, shit, shit!”
Kaito: “I was so close to beating the best!”
Kaito: “I'm stupid! An idiot! Why couldn't I move when it mattered most?!”
Kaito: “Hahh...”
Kaito: “I need more practice.”
Well, it's not like beating her once would've actually amounted to anything.
Leaderboards are determined by cumulative match results. I'd have to increase my win ratio against the top three.
But maybe that's exactly why I wanted to beat her today.
Takanoai's super reaction speed really isn't normal.
If I wanted to win, I'd have to activate Slo-mo. And that only lasts for five seconds.
I must be crazy to even consider relying on these attacks of mine.
Whenever I get one, all that awaits me is the hellish pain that comes after.
However...
...If it means beating the top ranked player, there's a part of me that wants to be able to use Slo-mo at will.
But if someone like me started using cheats, I get the feeling I'd never stop.
Time to reconsider things.
Frau looks down at her own PokeCom, hurriedly operating it by touch.
Kaito: “So, did you get the evidence?”
Frau: “Grrrr...”
Frau: “How did this happen...?”
Again?
Kaito: “Is your cheat verification software no good or something?”
Frau: “N-No... It's just kind of strange...”
Kaito: “Strange? How so?”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “Rosetta, are the network settings right?”
Rosetta: “Verifying...”
Rosetta: “Verification complete. The network settings are correct.”
Frau: “Th-Then run a virus scan.”
Rosetta: “Starting check.”
Rosetta: “It'll take a few minutes to finish checking.”
Kaito: “What's going on?”
Frau: “None of this makes sense. Getting pissed...”
Frau: “Th-Th-The cheats aren't being detected...”
Frau: “But Hanjuro Hattori-shi—”
Kaito: “Who's that?”
Frau: “S-Someone from my group, the Frau Koujiro Factory. She's a 23-year-old NEET.”
That's an odd name for a girl.
Kaito: “And?”
Frau: “Sh-She analyzed the data, but for some reason that last battle is being treated as a CPU match...”
Kaito: “What the? I know for sure that was an online match.”
Kaito: “And they had Takanoai's handle name displayed as well.”
Frau: “I-I saw that too.”
Frau: “I. Just. Don't get it.”
Frau: “I never thought my cheater hunt operation would end in failure. I'm so d-done with this.”
Kaito: “Maybe none of them are cheaters?”
Frau: “Are you being serious?”
Kaito: “No.”
Going by my matches with the three of them, they're all definitely cheaters.
Humans can't move like that.
Rosetta: “I completed the check.”
Rosetta: “Virus detected. One relevant hit.”
Frau: “Here we go!”
For some reason, Frau raises her arms in victory.
Genki: “Hey, we gotta get rid of this virus ASAP!”
Frau: “Shut up. Genki-kun bot, shut up.”
Rosetta: “Shall I start the virus removal software?”
Frau: “I'm going to analyze the virus first, you piece of shit...”
Kaito: “What's going on?”
Frau: “I-I thought I was observing the match with my cheat verification software, but it was somehow infected by a virus.”
Frau: “It looks like Takano used it for self-defense.”
Frau: “Anyone who tries to intervene seems to get i-indiscriminately sent viruses designed to cloud their sight.”
Frau: “Actually, why didn't my anti-virus software catch it? Don't screw with me.”
Frau: “Th-This virus might be why our results ended up so weird.”
Frau: “A-And I'm not letting them get away with giving me a virus like this!”
Frau: “I-It's time to get serious and have my pals in Tokyo visit their homes directly...”
Kaito: “Whoa, whoa, you'd go that far?”
Frau: “I-I'm not going to make this into a case for the police.”
Frau: “Th-They sent me a virus, so I just want an explanation.”
Frau: “My group members are a bunch of weak NEETs and otaku though. Duhuhu.”
Are they all Frau's yes-men like that one ChuChu guy?
I'm curious, but I decide not to pry any deeper.
Either way, Tokyo is scary. That much is clear.
