Not a single vehicle passes through the tiny hilltop.
There rests a quiet park.
And above it, a clear, azure sky.
A thunderhead slowly drifts in the wind.
The horizon rests far in the distance.
I thought this scenery might've drastically changed after what happened yesterday, but that's not the case.
In fact, it's so peaceful that it makes me wonder if what happened was all just an illusion.
It's a beautiful day.
It's not raining anymore, and it's so clear out that it's actually kind of obnoxious.
I forget where I am for a moment and gaze up into the sky aimlessly.
I'm a little relieved that nothing has changed.
Anyway, I quickly jump down from the stairs.
Kaito: “Hiyap...”
I then climb over the fence and jump.
I land safely and take a stretch.
Kaito: “And that's it for today.”
After searching around the antenna tower for a bit, I did in fact find another monopole.
Unable to ignore the problem any further, I climbed to the top of the tower again and moved the antenna.
Now there won't be any more stray monopoles. At least for today.
I'm thinking of continuing this for the rest of August.
Akiho and Mom will probably get mad at me again.
But as long as I don't try climbing it during a typhoon, I should be fine.
But man, the view from up top is something else.
I think it's much better than from the nearby sightseeing tower. It might be because I can see all the way to Minamitane.
Climbing this thing during the typhoon royally sucked.
But today, the wind is gentle, and the weather is great, so I had nothing to fear and could leisurely enjoy the view.
The world hasn't changed.
Maybe that's because I'm on this remote island off the coast of Japan.
In fact, it's almost disappointing.
Though, to be fair, the Kimijima Reports have had an effect on me.
To be honest, I was worried that some sort of global collapse was going to happen right in succession.
I thought that the leaking of the final episode might be the flag for something.
But in the end, nothing happened.
Only a handful of people are freaking out over it. Most people don't care about some anime.
There's only one thing that's changed in my immediate surroundings.
And that's Akiho being in shock and the club being on break.
Apparently, she can't even eat right now.
Once I'm off the tower, I head to my usual spot.
Normally when I settle here, I go into Kill-Ballad mode.
But today, my motivation gets cut short after 10 matches.
Maybe yesterday's events are mentally affecting me more than I realize.
Either way, I'm still better off compared to others.
I mean, look at Akiho.
And what about Frau?
Come to think of it, I haven't spoken to her at all.
I'm betting the mental damage she's sustained is a lot worse than Akiho's.
She discovered that the top three KB players have been dead for six months.
And then, right after that, the last episode of her mom's anime leaked.
And as the shit icing to the crap cake, the actual episode is a tragedy that completely rejects what the show was about.
If what Frau told me about how 13 anime staffers were murdered before the episode aired is true...
That makes the meaning behind yesterday's video all the more heavy.
Fans online who had been disappointed for four years have made a total 180 and are dissecting the video.
I went through a few analysis sites yesterday.
Apparently the episode utilizes subliminal messages.
It's a really old technique with questionable effectiveness.
But there's no doubt that it's being intentionally used in this instance.
The fact that I immediately assume the Tavistock Institute is involved means that Kimijima Kou has his claws in me.
The video was upped to Nico Nico Video, but the perp used a burner account, so it'd be pointless to try and track them.
I wonder who uploaded it.
The prime suspect is Kogoori Minami, the missing director. Which would mean that Frau's mom is alive.
Then there’s the Kimijima Reports. In addition to the similarities with the leaked episode...
I'm curious about how Kimijima Kou was pursued by the Committee and the Institute, not to mention his mysterious death.
I have a bad feeling about all this.
I don't know why or how.
I just don't feel good about it.
I lean against the rusted fence and let the wind blow over me.
If I apply too much weight, it'll break and I'll fall.
I need to be careful.
Kaito: “Ah...”
It's then that I notice a familiar face walking down the street.
She's pushing her bright, emerald blue bicycle along without riding it.
It's Tennouji-san.
She's coming up the hill from the TNSC and going through the park to head to Minamitane.
I wonder why she's pushing her bicycle?
I watch her from the viewing platform without calling out to her, and she seemingly decides to take a rest in the parking lot.
Maybe something happened.
Kaito: “Heeey.”
When I call out to her, Tennouji-san immediately notices and waves at me.
Nae: “Hiya, Yashio-kun!!”
Nae: “Can I go up there too?!”
Wha? She's coming up here?
It doesn't seem like she has any business with me or anything.
Kaito: “Be my guest.”
Tennouji-san comes jogging up, her steps light as a feather.
Kaito: “Be careful with the stairs, they're rusted pretty bad.”
Nae: “Whew. Thanks.”
After hearing my warning, she timidly makes her way up the steps.
But her usual smile returns in no time.
Nae: “Whoa, what a great view! Look! You can see the VAB from here!”
Kaito: “I know. I am a local, after all.”
She's such a carefree person.
It's almost as if she has no idea what happened yesterday.
But maybe this is normal for someone who's not that into anime.
Akiho said that Gunvarrel is pretty mainstream, but it's still four years old.
At the end of the day, anime is just fiction.
Regardless of the content of the mythical final episode, it won't affect reality.
If I didn't know Frau or the links to the Kimijima Reports, I probably wouldn't've even paid it any attention.
Nae: “It's my first time coming up here♪”
Nae: “I always just pass by in front of it.”
Nae: “That road has a lot of ups and downs, so it's great exercise.”
Kaito: “But you were pushing your bike earlier, weren't you? Did something happen?”
Nae: “Oh, ahahah. My tire blew out.”
Nae: “While I was going uphill, I found a beautiful flower on the side of the road.”
Nae: “It was a hibiscus, so I was a bit entranced, and I ended up running over a sharp rock or something.”
Nae: “So, it ended up being a trap.”
Nae: “But I was able to take my time and enjoy the flowers, so all's well that ends well.”
Nae: “They really remind you that you're in the south♪”
Nae: “So, once I get over this hill, I'll be in the center of Minamitane, right? There must be a bike shop there.”
Nae: “But I was getting kind of tired, so I thought I'd take a break.”
Kaito: “You know, they'll come to you if you call them.”
Nae: “Huh? Really? But I don't know their number...”
Kaito: “I do.”
Nae: “Whaaa?! Wh-Why?!”
Kaito: “I am a local.”
There are three bike shops in the area, and all of them have helped me out. I'm pretty well-acquainted with the owners.
Kaito: “Would you like me to give you their phone number?”
Nae: “Yes, please.”
Even I feel pretty good having someone so cheerfully nod their head at me.
Tennouji-san smells of sweat.
Is she the type who doesn't care about that kind of thing?
What a weird woman.
She kidnaps us the day we first meet.
She works at an amazing place like JAXA and demonstrated her wealth of knowledge during our Model-2 meeting.
Yet she's only a few years older than us.
She wears a smile on her face, making you think she's easy-going, but then she'll bike tens of kilometers like it's nothing.
But her eyes rarely smile. I get the feeling she'd be terrifying when she's mad.
Oh, I get it now...
She's kind of like Misa-nee.
Nae: “Yes, yes, no. I'm at Uchugaoka Park. ...Yes. Mmhm.”
Nae: “Oh, really?! You're a lifesaver! Yes, I'll be waiting. Thank you so much.”
While on the phone with Chida Bikes, she bows her head a few times toward her PokeCom, then smiles at me.
Nae: “They said they'll come by♪”
Kaito: “That's good.”
Nae: “I know, right?”
Nae: “And it's all because I ran into you here, Yashio-kun! Thanks!”
Then, out of nowhere, she tries to hug me.
Kaito: “Whoa! Wh-What the?! What were you trying to do just now?!”
Nae: “Erm. I was going to hug you.”
Nae: “You know, as a sign of my appreciation♪”
Kaito: “Um, you really don't have to.”
Nae: “Ahahah, don't be so embarrassed!”
Kaito: “Is that something you learned from your dad who grew up in France?”
Nae: “Yup, that's right.”
After Nae-san nods without a care in the world, she sticks her hand out.
Nae: “Can I at least shake your hand?”
Easy enough. Akiho's always grabbing onto my hands and swinging them around.
Anyhow, we firmly shake hands.
Nae: “Thank you, Yashio... Er, what's your given name again?”
Kaito: “Kaito.”
Nae: “Kaito-kun.”
Nae: “Oh, by the way! I finally downloaded Kill-Ballad. I have it on my PokeCom now.”
Now that she mentions it, we did make a promise to battle not too long ago.
My motivation hit zero earlier, but it's not like I'd have to focus that hard to beat a newbie.
Let's give this a go.
Kaito: “Do you wanna battle?”
Nae: “Sure. We can play until the bike folks get here.”
Kaito: “Didn't you say you used to play fighting games, Tennouji-san? How good are you?”
Nae: “I did nothing but study in high school, so I was pretty far removed from games back then.”
Nae: “But in junior high, I was so good that people called me the Flat-Out Princess.”
Kaito: “The what now?”
Nae: “The Flat-Out Princess.”
Nae: “By the way, it's written using the kanji for ‘Rampaging Beauty,’ but it's read as ‘Flat-Out Princess.’”
Kaito: “I'm pretty sure you can't read those characters like that.”
Talk about an embarrassing past.
Did she actually give herself that name?
If she did, whew...
Nae: “Nowadays everybody has PokeComs, so arcades have gone out of fashion, right?”
Nae: “But there are still some arcades left in Akihabara. Boys and girls can go to and fro as they please.”
Nae: “All the bright, flashy lights and fun music...”
Nae: “But if you go to the very back of the basement floor where people normally wouldn't go...”
Nae: “There's a battle area for only the most bloodthirsty of competitors.”
Nae: “While most places in Tokyo are now non-smoking areas, this place is filled with cigarette smoke.”
Nae: “Your eyes start to hurt just from standing still.”
Nae: “And the warriors who are there never say a single word.”
Nae: “They all just crowd the monitor and watch the current battle being fought.”
Nae: “If you dare speak a word, you might get stabbed in the back!”
Nae: “It's a total do-or-die atmosphere back there.”
Nae: “It's a cruel, dirty underground of a place, just like the fighting arena from Vaki.”
Nae: “If you give yourself to that place, you feel as though your very heart is being sharpened.”
T-Tokyo sounds terrifying.
Kaito: “I-I've never been to an arcade before, so I'm not very familiar with that kind of vibe.”
Kaito: “But I think I kinda understand? When I fight against a strong opponent, I go into battle mode. Tunnel vision, almost.”
Kaito: “Except you still haven't clued me in to how strong you are, Tennouji-san.”
Nae: “Heheheh. I was one of the Elite Four in the battleground known as Akihabara. That was four years ago, though.”
Kaito: “Pff...”
Nae: “What is it?”
Kaito: “I mean, the ‘Elite Four’? Seriously? A bit embarrassing, no?”
Nae: “You're not wrong...”
Nae: “I didn't want to be called that either, but one of the older guys in my neighborhood liked giving out nicknames.”
Nae: “He's the one who marked me as one of the Elite Four.”
Kaito: “Is this the same guy who decided the characters for Rampaging Beauty should be read as Flat-Out Princess?”
Nae: “Yup.”
Tennouji-san lets out an embarrassed laugh.
Nae: “But the people who come to Akihabara all have that kinda vibe...”
Nae: “The whole nickname thing kinda just stuck with us all.”
Tokyo is actually terrifying...
I don't think I'd be able to survive there.
Nae: “I can say that I was pretty strong, though.”
Nae: “But I haven't played in a while, so I'm probably rusty.”
Kaito: “Then I'll be sure to take it easy on you.”
That's a lie. I'm not going to go easy on her.
It doesn't matter what my opponent's situation or skill level is.
I'll crush them no matter what.
That's my play style.
...Just saying that stuff in my head is embarrassing.
I guess I'm not one to talk, am I?
Nae: “Okay...”
The smile vanishes from Tennouji-san's face the moment she grips her PokeCom.
Nae: “Let's begin...”
E-Er, why does she suddenly sound so cold?
What's with this energy in the area?
She's giving off this aura that's saying she's a force to be reckoned with.
I better not underestimate her.
Kaito: “YEEAAAAH!”
I can't help but pump my fist into the air.
Why? Because Tennouji-san was way stronger than I expected.
Nae: “Aw, I was so close...”
Nae: “You're pretty good, Kaito-kun.”
Kaito: “No...way...”
Nae: “Yippee!”
Tennouji-san jumps for joy.
Nae: “I win♪”
Kaito: “This is... unbelievable.”
Nae: “Ahahah, looks like you need some more training, Kaito-kun!”
Nae: “How can you lose to someone who's been on a four-year hiatus?”
Nae: “Is that fifth place ranking of yours just for show?”
Kaito: “Second place...”
Nae: “Wow, you went up? Amazing! Congrats!”
Nae: “Unfortunately for you, I'm basically in second place now♪”
Kaito: “I-I'm just getting warmed up.”
I try and put on a brave face, but...
She's way stronger than Frau or Subaru.
Hell, it's rude to compare them to her.
It's not that her reaction speed is anything special.
Her combo execution is subpar, too.
I just can't get any hits in on her. She crushes my offense.
Her ability to read my moves is insane.
It's like she's constantly betting on either choice A or choice B.
It's a gamble. When she loses, she loses full throttle. But when she wins, there's no stopping her.
It's a strategy that's hugely reliant on luck.
And the worst part is that I don't have a reliable way of breaking through it.
Which means I also have to rely on luck.
She's forcing me to go at her pace.
But geez, what a risky fighting style.
Risky, for sure, but...
It's one that she's perfected after years of observing her opponents' habits while practically living at the arcades in Akihabara.
And it's incredibly strong.
She's probably the only person on this island who can go head-to-head against me evenly.
I'd like to think that I'm still winning, 6:4.
If I can get comfortable enough with Tennouji-san's playstyle, I could bank on my ability to make a comeback and try some riskier plays of my own.
Kaito: “Heh... Hehe...”
I can't help but laugh.
I'm thrilled.
Not since Misa-nee have I met somebody so strong in real life.
How can I not get hyped?!
The only person who's higher ranked than me online is Tagirin.
The cheaters from the top three have been deleted off the leaderboards.
Even with an online community of 20 million players, I rarely run into someone who is this skilled.
So I can't help but be happy that I've met someone so strong in real life.
Kaito: “Tennouji-san, you're incredible.”
Kaito: “And this is your first time playing games in general in ages, right?”
Kaito: “If you keep this up, you'll probably make it into the top 10, no problem.”
Nae: “Whoa, thank you so much♪”
Nae: “It's really motivating to hear that!”
Nae: “It feels good getting complimented by someone.”
Nae: “You're not so bad yourself, Kaito-kun♪”
Kaito: “Th-Thanks.”
I really wish she wouldn't praise me with such an amazing smile on her face.
My heart's racing a mile a minute.
What am I, a teenage girl?
Nae: “I had lots of fun. It's been a while, but games sure are great!”
Kaito: “Don't tell me you're done? We're just getting started.”
Nae: “Ah, you're really raring to go.”
Nae: “Then I shall accompany you to the end, sir.”
Kaito: “That's what I like to hear.”
I want to fight her more.
My adrenaline is going full blast, and it feels great.
This is the same feeling I get when I fight Tagirin, or when I stood in front of the ring at the ROBO-ONE finals.
It feels so good that I forget about time itself.
Tennouji-san was right.
It's the same as the arcades. There's nothing more fun than going head-to-head with someone directly in front of you.
You can feel the way your opponent reacts directly.
Their frustration when they fall behind, the clicking of their tongue, their sighs.
The way they exaggerate their movement when they win.
It's this bloodthirsty tension that constantly has you feeling like a fight might break out, or something.
It puts me on the edge and heightens my concentration far beyond when I play online.
The more our skills collide, the more heated and fun the fights get. One mistake can decide it all.
One small opportunity can win the match. It's like walking on thin ice. Even then, I'm invigorated.
My stomach feels like it might start to hurt, but I want more.
With Akiho, Frau, and Subaru, I was never able to reach this level of excitement and thrill.
But Tennouji-san is different.
It's as if she's...
As if she's...
We have another match, and once again it's a close one.
I'm convinced now that Tennouji-san's skills were no fluke.
Just as we're about to go another round—
I hear a car horn.
There's a Chida Cycle truck parked in the parking lot.
A familiar old man is sticking his head out the truck window and waving at us.
Nae: “Oh, looks like they're here.”
Get a hint, old man.
You could've waited another half hour.
Nae: “All right, I should get going.”
Tennouji-san puts away her PokeCom and stands up to leave. I hurriedly call out to her.
Kaito: “Um, Tennouji-san.”
Nae: “Just call me Nae.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Nae: “Isn't it kind of a pain having to say my last name all the time?”
Nae: “Please, just call me Nae.”
Kaito: “Okay, Nae-san.”
Kaito: “When do you want to play again?”
Nae: “...”
Tennouji-san—er, Nae-san, stares at me in response to my question.
Nae: “You mean you want to play against me again?”
Kaito: “Of course. In fact, I'd want to play all day against someone as skilled as you.”
Nae: “Ahah. I'm flattered.”
Kaito: “If I randomly showed up at TNSC, would you play a round with me?”
Nae: “Hm, I don't know. I do have work.”
Nae: “But if I happen to have free time, maybe?”
Kaito: “That's fine with me.”
We both descend from the viewing platform, and I help Nae-san load her bike onto the truck.
Nae-san hops into the passenger seat, and we go our separate ways.
