I haven't been to school in a bit, but it's unexpectedly noisy. It's summer break, but the sports clubs are here.
The sound of arrows hitting their marks echoes out from the Kyudo range in the back.
There are several bicycles and motorbikes in the parking lot.
There are fewer than when class is in session, but it's not empty.
That being said, people rarely drop by the courtyard where the Robotics Club room is located.
It's pretty much just the Soccer and Surfing Clubs who come to take various things out of storage.
Frau: “...”
Right next to me, Frau seems kind of nervous as her eyes wander aimlessly.
Kaito: “When was the last time you came to school?”
Frau: “N-Not since the day of my transfer.”
Frau came to the island on the same day we returned from the ROBO-ONE grand finals.
That means it's been over a month.
Kaito: “If you're like this when there's barely anyone around, how are you going to manage when school actually starts?”
Frau: “Obviously I'll shut myself away at home. What of it?”
The answer comes to her like it's the most obvious thing in the world.
Doesn't seem like she cares a bit about graduating.
Then what was the point of transferring?
Geniuses sure are a weird bunch.
Frau: “E-Enough about me! Show me Airi-tan! How does Airi-tan fare in battle?!”
She shakes her PokeCom at me while making demands.
I'm not exactly sure what she's referring to here, but that's not new, so I opt to just ignore her.
Today we're going to ask Airi about Kimijima Report No. 3.
We're planning to go and search for the report together afterward. I have no idea where it is, though.
We might have to go as far as the north end of the island. I wouldn't be surprised if we end up scrambling all day.
Frau: “A-And anyway, why'd we have to meet at school?”
Frau: “Why not just come to m-my place?”
Kaito: “Today's a secret from Aki-chan.”
That's why I picked here instead of the airport. If Akiho noticed us, she'd probably try to tag along.
I told Akiho that I'd go off on my own today, and that struck a nerve with her.
I mean, it's not like we have jobs to do until Subaru finishes the Model-2 blueprints, so I'll do as I please.
I decide to call Airi out immediately.
The Kimijima Reports seem to be scattered across the island. That means it could take a whole day to find one.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, are you there?”
I take a look around the area and call out to her.
Then I look down at my PokeCom.
Airi: “Hi, Big Brother!”
Frau: “Airi-tan's here!!!”
Frau leans up against me to look at my PokeCom screen.
Why look at mine? She knows she could see the same thing if she used her own.
Frau: “I can't believe you have a little loli girl like this call you Big Brother. Amazing, Yashio-senpai. Hahh, Hahh...”
Kaito: “Kona-chan, why are you breathing so heavily? It's creepy.”
Kaito: “And don't press up against me so much!”
I forcefully peel Frau off my body and push her away.
Kaito: “Take it down a notch or I won't bring you with me.”
Frau was the one who asked if we could search for the Kimijima Reports together.
That's why I had her come out today.
My words finally snap Frau back to her senses.
She takes a deep breath and hangs her head.
Frau: “I-I got too excited... My bad, Big brooother.”
Frau: “Duhuhu.”
Kaito: “...”
She's definitely making fun of me...
I shouldn't take her too seriously.
The Kimijima Reports are much more important right now.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, can you switch to Sister Centipede?”
Airi: “Yup! Please touch me wherever you'd like.”
Kaito: “Do I really have to do that every time? It's a pain.”
Kaito: “I know you've turned into Sister Centipede on your own before. Can't you just do that again?”
Airi: “Yes, I can♪”
She admitted it...?
Airi: “But I want us to be more connected, Big Brother.”
Airi: “So I'd be happy if you keep touching me like you have been.”
Frau: “Oh my, oh my...”
Kaito: “...”
Man, out of context that sounds really bad.
Frau: “Officer, the pervert's over here!”
Frau says as her eyes wander wildly.
Kaito: “Like you're one to talk.”
Frau: “Then we're both perverts? I get it.”
Being lumped together with her is humiliating.
This conversation is going nowhere, fast.
I ignore Frau again and tap on Airi.
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede Mode.”
Sister Centipede: “Hello, Yashio-san.”
Frau: “Apologize! Y-You need to apologize to the 120 million lolicons nationwide!”
Frau: “Wh-Why did you have her change from that lovely loli?!”
Frau: “I-I love little Airi-tan. I love elephants even more.”
Frau: “But I also like how Sister Centipede rly GETS my corrupted hobbies...”
Now's not the time to blush.
Also, can you please decide whether you're happy or sad?
Kaito: “Behave yourself. If you keep interrupting, I'm seriously not taking you with me.”
Frau: “My bad...”
Frau covers her mouth with her hand and urges me on with her eyes.
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, what do you know about Kimijima Report No. 3?”
Sister Centipede: “Detailed location information is unknown.”
Sister Centipede: “There are four unlock conditions (flags) required to make the AR annotation visible.”
Sister Centipede: “1. ‘Find Kimijima Report No. 2.’ Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 1 has already been completed.’”
Sister Centipede: “2. ‘Photograph a Kandelia obovata flower.’ Upload it to ‘IRUO.’ Use the uploader designated by  or Sister Centipede.’”
Sister Centipede: “3. ‘Focus on the geotag inside Chikura Cavern for three consecutive days for three hours, from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.’”
Sister Centipede: “4. ‘Stack 36 geotagged stones on the buried gate. However, no placed stones are allowed to fall.’”
Sister Centipede: “That is all.”
Kaito: “...”
I want to groan.
These flags are even worse than the ones for Report No. 2.
Frau: “Wh-When we complete those flags, we'll get the report?”
Sister Centipede: “No. When all flags are set, the hidden AR annotation for Kimijima Report No. 3 will become visible.”
Kaito: “Which means we have no idea where it is. We gotta look for it ourselves.”
Frau: “What a pain...”
Frau: “C-Call me once you've set all the flags. I'll be at home waiting.”
Frau shrugs and attempts to leave, but I firmly grasp her shoulder from behind.
Kaito: “Aren't you a funny girl, Kona-chan?”
Kaito: “Don't think for a second I'm letting you get away.”
Frau: “B-But weren't you just saying you wouldn't take me along?”
Kaito: “Things have changed. You're coming with me. We'll split the work between us.”
Frau: “Grrrrr...”
Frau looks like she wants to flee, but she's not strong enough. I can easily keep her in place by holding her wrist.
Kaito: “But huh, these flags are fundamentally pretty different from Report No. 2's.”
No. 2 was mostly game-related.
Stuff like downloading a game app, getting a high score...
...Or completing a go-kart race with a good time.
But this is different. The flags are all outdoorsy.
And then there's the thread connecting them all.
Kaito: “It's odd that most of the flags require the use of ‘IRUO.’”
Sister Centipede: “Why is that strange?”
Kaito: “Because Kimijima Kou is the one who supposedly set these flags.”
Kaito: “But he died 10 years ago, which means he had to have set them before that.”
Frau: “W-Wait, ‘IRUO.’ wasn't available 10 years ago.”
I guess Frau is done trying to escape.
Without me noticing, she's settled down.
Kaito: “Exactly. Yet these flags all assume I can use ‘IRUO.’ Isn't that odd?”
Kaito: “Sure, these days PokeComs and ‘IRUO.’ are all over the place.”
Kaito: “But 10 years ago, cell phones were still the mainstream, and smartphones were only just starting to get big.”
Kaito: “Talk about predicting the future.”
Kaito: “I mean, back then, it was entirely possible that ‘IRUO.’ could come out and be a total flop.”
Kaito: “If the app couldn't be obtained in 2019, would these flags never have been set”
If that happened, all of his accusations would've just faded into the darkness.
Sister Centipede: “Master's primary occupation was developing ‘IRUO.’”
Sister Centipede: “Even if ‘IRUO.’ never became widely popular...”
Sister Centipede: “It's highly probable that Master pushed ‘IRUO.’ partially because it made it easy to set flags.”
Sister Centipede: “Also, the ‘IRUO.’ software is free, so it can be easily obtained online.”
Sister Centipede: “Thus, it is highly unlikely that the flags would remain inaccessible forever.”
Huh.
That makes sense.
I guess there's no point trying to wrap my mind over these flags.
My job is to beat the game presented to me.
Though like I said before, most of the game-y elements from Report No. 2 are gone.
Kaito: “Let's go over the flags.”
Kaito: “Flag No. 1 is done, so we can ignore that.”
Kaito: “Flags No. 2 and onward are concentrated in the same-ish area.”
I am a local after all.
It's a small island, so I generally know where everything is.
Kaito: “Flag No. 3 specifically mentions Chikura Cavern.”
Actually, that reminds me. Junna and I saw that whale carcass at Chikura Cavern. I wonder what happened to it?
Kaito: “The beach near that cavern is where the gate buried in sand is.”
Kaito: “Kandelia obovata grow in swampy places, so we can find them along Prefectural Road 75.”
Kaito: “On the way to the cavern, we just take a side road from Road 75. The swamp with Kandelia obovata is right at the entrance.”
Frau: “S-So...? What's it all mean?”
Kaito: “All the flags are concentrated around the cavern, so Report No. 3 must be around there too.”
Kaito: “I figured we'd have to run around the whole island, but I guess not.”
Thank goodness.
Kaito: “But man, Flag No. 3's conditions suck. Talk about high difficulty.”
Well, it's not so much that they're hard, just time consuming.
So yeah, just really annoying.
Kaito: “We gotta go there three days in a row and sit there for three hours...”
Frau: “I-I can tell just from this.”
Frau: “This K-Kimijima Kou guy is a hardcore sadist.”
Kaito: “I was just thinking the same thing.”
Whatever. No matter how much of a pain this is, I gotta do it.
Misaki: “Forget the Kimijima Reports.You mustn't search for them anymore.”
Misa-nee seems to be involved with Kimijima Kou in some way.
And I want to know exactly how.
I glance at the clock and notice that it's a little past noon.
We should hurry over to the cavern.
