Kaito: “I'm off!”
I call out to Mom and leave from the front door.
Even though it isn't noon yet, a powerful beam of sunlight rains down on my face from above.
I'm glad it's nice today.
I'm supposed to meet Nae-san at 10:00 a.m.
I'm going to pick her up at the JAXA employee dormitory.
Since Uchugaoka Park is on the way, I plan to take care of business beforehand.
I throw my stuff into the front basket of my scooter, and just as I try to put my helmet on, I notice something.
In the corner of the narrow garden.
There are some red flowers blooming.
I only now realize that we have hibiscus flowers blooming in our yard.
Maybe I noticed it because Nae-san was talking about them the other day.
Otherwise, I'd never take an interest in the flowers in our garden.
What'd she say about them again?
Nae: “They really remind you that you'rein the south♪”
Yeah, that's right. Her explanation left an impression on me.
Akiho: “Kaiii.”
Kaito: “Hrm?”
Oh, it's Akiho.
I guess she swung by while going for a walk.
Akiho: “G'morning! Going somewhere?”
Kaito: “Yup. By the way, if we have club today, I'm skipping.”
Akiho: “Geez...”
Kaito: “I mean, it's not like I have anything to do right now.”
Kaito: “How's progress treating you?”
Akiho: “I'm going to be talking to Subaru today about GunBuild-2's design.”
Kaito: “Hoooh, so you've already recovered?”
Akiho: “From what?”
Akiho: “Oh, you mean about the final episode of Gunvarrel?”
The day of the leak, Akiho was so stunned that she couldn't eat.
Akiho: “It just wasn't what I thought it'd be. I was more disappointed than shocked.”
Akiho: “But I figure it'd be pointless to think too hard on it. Hehe.”
Akiho: “Gunvarrel is still the Gunvarrel I know and love.”
I'm glad she's recovered so quickly.
Akiho: “So, where are you off to so early, Kai?”
Kaito: “I'm going on a date with Nae-san.”
Akiho: “Wha—?!”
Kaito: “Per Nae-san's request, we're going to the beach.”
Akiho: “Since when did you two get so close?”
Kaito: “Pretty recently.”
Akiho: “Don't tell me you already asked her out?”
Kaito: “Nah.”
Akiho: “Do you like her?”
Kaito: “Mm, I don't think that's quite it. She's like, super strong.”
Akiho: “Hoh, she's strong...”
Akiho: “Wait, what?!”
Kaito: “At KB, I mean.”
Akiho: “Kill-Ballad? Oh, okay. Kill-Ballad...”
Kaito: “Apparently she honed her skills at arcades in Akihabara ever since she was in junior high.”
Kaito: “Her reads are on another level. She even reads into her opponent's physical reactions too.”
Kaito: “It's not just pure luck.”
Kaito: “I've still got more wins over her, but as she gets better, it'll probably be a total crap shoot.”
Kaito: “So I can't let my guard down.”
Akiho: “You sure do love your video games.”
Huh? Why does she seem disappointed in me?
Akiho: “Just don't give Tennouji-san too much trouble.”
Akiho lowers her shoulders as she walks back the way she came.
Kaito: “Why did Aki-chan even come over here?”
Well, whatever.
I'm gonna be late if I don't get moving.
Let's do this.
