The waves are starting to approach my feet.
These last three days have been exactly the same.
As it gets closer to the evening, the water starts creeping inward.
By the end, it's up to my ankles.
I'm not going to get washed away or anything, but the inside of the cave is chilly, making the seawater feel colder.
Plus, since I can't move from where I am, an unexpected amount of my body heat gets sapped away.
I look at the clock on my PokeCom. I've got about a minute before I hit 4:00.
I've been looking at the clock over and over for the last 30 minutes.
It's annoying how once I'm conscious of the time, it feels like the clock stops moving.
But if I don't check it, I can't help but get insanely curious about what time it is.
I want to get out of here as soon as humanly possible.
I wanna be done with this for good.
The more time passes, the stronger that feeling gets.
How did I hang in there for three hours?
Maybe this was supposed to be a test of willpower.
I've spent a total of nine hours across three days in this cave, yet the only people I've seen were a young couple.
The pair, likely in their 20s or so, saw that someone else was here and awkwardly fled.
It's the middle of the summer and yet no tourists have visited the island's biggest tourism spot. I'm conflicted.
It's just a reminder of how far our island has fallen.
I get it. With no rocket launches as of late, why would anyone come here over Yakushima, the World Heritage Site?
Meh, it's not like me feeling bad is going to fix anything.
Airi: “Big Brother, it's 4:00!”
I hear Airi's voice coming from my PokeCom.
She's right. The time on my clock reads 4:00.
Kaito: “Has the flag been set?”
Airi: “Yup! You're done!”
Airi: “Good job, Big Brother♪”
Hey, I got praised.
A bitter smile on my face, I finally exit the cave.
I kick off my sandals and walk barefoot on the warm sand. It feels great.
I want to just lie down and roll around for a bit, but the sand would get everywhere, so that's a hard pass.
Kaito: “Now then.”
I take a breath and whip my PokeCom out.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, let me tap you.”
Airi: “Okaaay♪”
Airi appears on-screen on her own.
I tap her on the face, and she immediately turns into Sister Centipede.
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede Mode.”
Kaito: “I've set all the flags for Report No. 3, yeah?”
Sister Centipede: “Correct. All flags have been set.”
Sister Centipede: “Kimijima Report No. 3's AR annotation should now be visible.”
Kaito: “Much obliged.”
Kaito: “So, where do you think it is?”
Sister Centipede: “Unknown.”
Despite making it visible, Sister Centipede has no way of locating where it is, eh?
Kaito: “The flags were concentrated in this area, so the report should be somewhere around here too.”
Kaito: “Guess I'll start with the obvious spots.”
The Kimijima Report's AR annotation is the usual power mark.
I gotta find it.
I guess I'll use deluoode map to pick out potential spots.
