The phone's ringing.
I'd finally gotten to sleep, but now my brain's slowly rebooting itself.
Nooo, I don't want to wake up yet.
It's summer break and way too early to be getting up.
I don't even know what time it is. All I know is that it's definitely the morning.
I was planning on sleeping until noon today since I haven't gotten to do that in a while.
I reach over to my PokeCom and reject the call.
The sound stops immediately.
With this, I can go back to sleep...
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “It's so loud...”
I grind my teeth and sit up.
Looking at the clock, it's 10 in the morning.
I was planning to sleep for two more hours.
I pick up my PokeCom as it continues to ring annoyingly.
Kaito: “Good morning, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “This isn't the time for good mornings.”
Akiho: “Have you looked at Twipo yet?”
Kaito: “You literally just woke me up.”
Akiho: “So, you skipped club yesterday and the day before, then did an all-nighter?”
I guess she holds a grudge.
It's not like there was anything for me to do these last few days. Couldn't she just let this slide?
Akiho: “Whatever. I'm headed to the hangar. You come too.”
Kaito: “Where are you right now?”
Akiho: “Still at home.”
Akiho: “Frau Bow wants us all to gather at the hangar. She has something to show us.”
Frau asked for us?
That's pretty unusual.
Akiho: “I'm coming over now. Get ready.”
Kaito: “Whaaat? I just woke up.”
Akiho: “You've barged into my room when I had just woken up too.”
Kaito: “That's because we were on the verge of being late to school and you wouldn't wake up...”
Akiho: “Anyway, I'm coming over! Be ready in five minutes!”
Kaito: “God, she's pushy.”
What does Frau want to show us?
Kimijima Report No. 3?
But we haven't set all the flags. The earliest we can start looking for the report is at 4:00.
So what could it be?
This is the third time I've been summoned by Frau.
The first was to help her move.
The second time was to help her with the cheater hunt.
She's probably going to make me do something. Again.
Kaito: “I'm heading out!”
As soon as I exit my house, Akiho is waiting for me outside.
She's sitting against her scooter, looking at her PokeCom.
As I approach her, she raises her head and waves at me.
Akiho: “G'morning.”
Kaito: “I got ready in five minutes.”
Akiho: “Must be nice being a boy.”
Kaito: “So, what does Kona-chan wanna show us?”
Akiho: “I have no idea. She suddenly posted about it on Twipo an hour or so ago.”
Akiho: “After that, I haven't been able to get in touch with her at all.”
Kaito: “Good grief.”
I'd rather not get dragged all over by Frau's impulsive whims.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai?”
Akiho is still leaning against the scooter. She makes no attempt to move.
She looks down, kicking at the ground with the tip of her foot.
Kaito: “What's up?”
Akiho: “Where've you been the last few days?”
Kaito: “Sightseeing...”
Akiho: “Sightseeing? You're lying.”
Not really, in a way.
Kaito: “What's the problem?”
Akiho: “Did you go to Uchugaoka Park?”
Kaito: “I didn't.”
It's then that Akiho glances around and brings her face close to mine.
Akiho: “About the monopole...”
Akiho: “Another one fell.”
Kaito: “Seriously?”
Akiho nods intensely.
Kaito: “I see... Aki-chan, it'd be better if you stayed away from there as much as possible.”
Kaito: “You never know when one will fall. If you got hit in the head, it'd be bad news.”
Akiho: “Hey, couldn't we use them for GunBuild-2 in some way?”
Kaito: “Are you planning on processing it yourself? It might be explosive. It's too dangerous to just mess around with.”
Akiho: “I know, but...”
Kaito: “If you're that set on using it, why not take it to Doc's place?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho gently shakes her head, a sad expression on her face.
Akiho: “I can't... I've been banned from the Robot Clinic.”
Banned?
Kaito: “Did you make the old man angry?”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
I wonder what happened. But now's not the time to ask.
I'd rather not get her started.
Kaito: “Either way, I forbid you from working with those alone.”
Akiho: “Then what if we hand them over to JAXA and...”
Akiho: “Wait, I forgot. You're against doing that.”
Kaito: “Have you considered taking it to another workshop we've dealt with before?”
Kaito: “Granted, I doubt there's gonna be too many folks willing to look into a potentially explosive material.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I'll think on it some more.”
Man, I was not expecting more monopoles.
Sister Centipede was right.
If I just leave things as is, the situation is gonna get complicated.
Is there nothing I can do to protect my little slice of heaven...?
