Nae: “Excuse me.”
As I knock and enter the office, Chief Senomiya stands up to welcome me.
Ken'ichiro: “Hey, Tennouji-kun. Have a seat.”
I sit on the guest sofa as told.
Ken'ichiro: “Want some tea? I also have some getanha that Mashita-kun bought yesterday.”
Nae: “Oh gosh, you don't have to serve me tea, Chief.”
Nae: “I'm just a little old newbie.”
Ken'ichiro: “Ahahah, think nothing of it. This is just how I am.”
Nae: “Oh, but what's getanha?”
Ken'ichiro: “You've never tried them before? They're a snack from Kagoshima.”
He holds out a triangular shaped, dark-ish treat.
It's about the same size as the sandwiches sold in convenience stores.
Ken'ichiro: “They're sweet snacks made with brown sugar. They pair really well with bitter tea.”
Nae: “Huh. I'll try one.”
I pick one up and notice how sticky it is.
I can imagine the taste just from touching it.
I then take a bite.
Nae: “It's soooo sweet...”
Just like I thought.
If anything, I don't think I could finish one without some tea.
Ken'ichiro: “Anyway, how did your talk with the Robotics Club go?”
He sits down on the sofa facing me and hesitantly brings up the subject.
I came here to report on exactly that.
As for the getanha... I don't think they're for me.
I put it down on a plate so I can talk.
After I lick my sticky fingers, I begin my report.
Nae: “I sent you an email regarding the details earlier, Chief.”
Ken'ichiro: “Yes, I've seen it.”
Wait, already?
He must be really curious about the Robotics Club. Or should I say, his daughter?
What an adorable father.
He reminds me of my own dad back in Tokyo.
I wonder what he's doing right now. Is he getting by on his own?
Wait, this isn't the time for that.
Nae: “They appear to have settled on a hobby robot kind of design.”
Ken'ichiro: “Hoh, that'll be a real challenge. Fascinating.”
Nae: “Their way of thinking is really flexible. Just talking to them about it is fun.”
Ken'ichiro: “Wonderful, wonderful. That sounds great. Ah, to be young again.”
He looks so happy. Almost as if this were all about him.
But the Chief's expression quickly darkens.
Ken'ichiro: “However...”
Ken'ichiro: “I looked at the budget estimate, and, how can I put this...”
Ken'ichiro: “The total sum is above expectations.”
Ken'ichiro: “I highly doubt it's going to get approved.”
Nae: “Oh, no worries about that♪”
Nae: “I'm sure it'll work out.”
Ken'ichiro: “Er, no, I really don't think it will.”
Ken'ichiro: “You don't know because you're relatively new here, but...”
Ken'ichiro: “Japan's been in recession for a while now. Space development and tech are the first things cut in the budget.”
Ken'ichiro: “The reason we haven't started any of our own giant bipedal robot projects is that the budgets don't get approved.”
JAXA isn't a business.
It's an independent administrative agency.
So for budgets to get passed, there are all kinds of tricky paperwork and government involvement to push through.
Nae: “Of course I know that.”
Nae: “I'm going to be heading back to Tokyo next month, so I'll work something out then.”
Nae: “I think it'll probably work out.”
The Chief is shocked by my words.
Ken'ichiro: “What do you mean, ‘Probably’?”
Nae: “I mean I have a chance at coming out on top.”
Ken'ichiro: “But this is just support work...”
Ken'ichiro: “And you're still just a rookie researcher...”
Nae: “Indeed I am.”
Nae: “But I want to do something about this.”
Nae: “I don't want their dreams and passion toward robots to all be for naught.”
I mean this 100%.
I can sense a great deal of potential from those kids.
Ken'ichiro: “You're... a strange girl. Sometimes I can't help but wonder who exactly you really are.”
I face the bewildered Chief and answer with my usual smile.
Nae: “Ahahah, don't be silly.”
Nae: “I'm just a rookie researcher.”
