The vast, sandy shores of Nagahama Coast are, as one would expect, deserted.
The beach extends for a ways, but it doesn't stretch out in a perfectly straight line; I can't see far out.
If we go farther north, we’ll find my school’s Surfing Club practicing, but the area we're in is devoid of people.
I haven't come to the beach since elementary school.
Maybe that's just unique to me.
Ever since I started getting attacks, I stopped hanging outside.
Nae: “It's so nice. We have this cobalt blue ocean all to ourselves!”
I turn around when I hear Nae-san's voice. She had initially left to change.
Nae-san's in a bikini, boldly exposing her slender body.
She has a very healthy, extremely sexy figure.
My eyes can't help but be drawn to her.
Nae: “Kaito-kun, please don't stare at me so much.”
Kaito: “Ah, it's just, you're so pretty.”
Nae: “Ahah, well thank you very much.”
Nae: “I gotta say, getting complimented by a high school boy is a real confidence booster.”
She laughs and rubs her upper arm.
Nae: “My arms are a little tanned. Is this what they call a biker's tan?”
Nae: “I did put sunscreen on, though.”
Her arms look slightly browned from her forearm down. Her body is pure white, so it stands out.
Kaito: “Where'd you change, Nae-san?”
Nae: “Change? Oh, I just took off what I was wearing on top of this♪”
Kaito: “You had your bikini on already?”
Nae-san nods with a bright smile.
Well, I'm no different.
If I take my shorts off, I have my bathing suit on underneath.
Nae: “Are you sure about this?”
Kaito: “About what?”
Nae: “Aren't you and Akiho-chan dating?”
Kaito: “No, not at all.”
I flash her a wry smile.
Nae: “Huh? Seriously?”
Kaito: “Yeah, people make that mistake all the time.”
Akiho and I are always together.
But that's not because we're dating. It's because we both get attacks.
We just watch each other's backs.
Nae: “So, you don't have a girlfriend?”
Kaito: “Nope.”
Nae: “Huh... Well I guess you are pretty weird, Kaito-kun.”
Kaito: “Wait, what's that supposed to mean?”
Said the guy totally aware of that.
Kaito: “What about you, Nae-san? Do you have a boyfriend in Tokyo?”
Nae: “Nope. No boyfriend.”
Nae: “My dad is actually really strict. Plus, he looks like an octopus.”
A-An octopus...?
Nae: “If I ever tried to invite a boy over, Dad would stare a hole through him.”
Nae: “I was focused on school, so I never experienced the bittersweet romance novel known as adolescence. Hahh...”
Nae: “Oh, shucks. I can't let myself get all gloomy.”
Nae-san slaps her own cheeks to re-energize herself.
Nae: “Anyway, if you don't have a girlfriend, then we can enjoy our date without a worry in the world!”
Kaito: “That's true. So, now that it's just the two of us...”
I swiftly whip out my PokeCom from the bag around my waist.
Kaito: “It's time to duel.”
Nae: “Hmm?”
Kaito: “...”
The sound of waves coming to and fro rings out.
The back and forth rocking sounds act as the perfect background music for our silence.
Nae-san stands there dazed.
Nae: “Duel? You mean, like, a Kill-Ballad duel?”
Kaito: “Yup. What else did you think?”
Nae: “Um, I came here to swim, not play video games.”
Kaito: “Yeah, we swim for a bit, but also go hardcore with the gaming.”
Nae: “Kaito-kun, you really are a weirdo.”
Nae-san says with a bitter smile. She then begins to stretch out.
Nae: “I guess there are a lot of folks on this island who walk to their own beat.”
Nae: “I'm also a pretty relaxed person, so I don't dislike that kinda thing.”
Nae: “But you're a little too extreme, Kaito-kun.”
Kaito: “So you're seriously getting in there?”
Nae: “Serious or not, I'm getting in.”
Nae-san flashes me a cunning smile.
Nae: “You, too, Kaito-kun!”
She suddenly grabs my arm and starts running toward the waves.
Kaito: “Whoa! Hold on, hold on! My PokeCom!”
My bag is still wrapped around my waist.
If I go in like this, it's gonna get drenched in seawater and ruined.
The thing might be waterproof, but better safe than sorry.
Sadly...
Nae: “Yeeeaaaah!”
Nae-san rushes full speed ahead toward the waves.
With me in tow, of course.
Nae: “Waaaahoooooo!”
The momentum causes me to trip over myself and plunge face first into the water.
My mouth gets filled with salty seawater, and I immediately hack it all out.
I finally manage to get up on my knees and pull my face from the water.
Nae: “Heeee! It's so cold!”
Nae: “But it feels so good! Ahahahah!”
Nae-san is frolicking about joyfully.
At this very moment, she looks nothing like the mature adult who works day to day.
No, she looks like she's our age. Like she's just a normal girl.
As I watch her beaming smile...
Misaki: “Kai, let's battle.”
I wonder why...
But I begin to remember.
The girl I could never reach, no matter how much I extended my arm.
Her voice. Her words. Her figure. Her gestures.
I remember it all so vividly.
I remember the time when Misa-nee was still on the island.
When Akiho and I were still in elementary school.
When we came to play at the beach.
I've always looked up to Misa-nee.
She was the cool friend that was older than me.
She was always the one walking ahead of me.
And no matter how much I chased after her, I could never catch up.
It wasn't just the age gap.
It was her immense talent.
And because I could never catch up to her, I only grew to admire her more as each day passed.
I wanted to accomplish something, anything, and have her acknowledge me.
So, when I was little, I secretly promised myself.
If I ever caught up to Misa-nee in some way...
I'd confess my feelings to her.
For as long as I can remember, I've always been serious about whatever I did.
Anyway, I didn't care what it was. I just wanted to catch up to Misa-nee and surpass her.
I started playing games as one of those potential paths forward.
But as if to ridicule my desperate drive to succeed, Misa-nee ended up challenging me in all sorts of ways.
To this day, I don't know if she poked fun at me because I was little, or because she truly loved to play games.
Misa-nee was always about the challenge.
Even when we came out here to swim back in elementary school, she was always about the challenge.
Beach volleyball, swimming contests, bare-handed jellyfish fishing.
There was no chance that a snotty little grade schooler like me could win against the genius high schooler Misa-nee.
She made a mess of me.
As for Akiho, she never took part in the challenges; she'd just watch from afar or cheer for Misa-nee.
In the end, the promise I made to myself went unfulfilled.
Misa-nee ended up going to college in Tokyo after she graduated from high school.
Misaki: “Take care of Aki for me.”
The words she delivered to me before her departure marked the end of my young love story.
As soon as she said those words to me, I realized it.
That Misa-nee never really cared about me like that in the first place.
I was just a kid in the neighborhood who she was pals with.
Those words made me realize that that was the extent of my existence to her.
Her final words on this island had nothing to do with me. She simply entrusted her little sister to me.
Of course, I could and still do understand that she trusted me as one of her close, childhood friends.
That's why she was able to leave Akiho to me.
But those weren't the words I so longed for.
I was happy to be relied on, and to this day I've stayed faithful to that promise.
But the fact remains that I finally understood.
The moment my love story ended.
Her final words, signaling that I could never catch up to her.
I felt left behind.
And that feeling has never really gone away.
Or maybe I'll continue to feel this way for as long as I remain on this island.
