Kaito: “Aki-chan!”
Akiho: “...”
I run into Akiho's room to find her sitting on the edge of her bed, staring into her PokeCom.
Kaito: “Have you seen it?”
Akiho: “...”
She doesn't respond to me.
Instead, she keeps staring intently into the screen.
I guess she's watching it as we speak.
After receiving word from Frau that the final episode of Gunvarrel had leaked, I ran through the rain to get here.
I didn't even waste time picking up an umbrella. But it turns out Akiho didn't need me to tell her.
I sit next to Akiho and look at her PokeCom.
The leaked video is four minutes and 31 seconds long.
Since it's incomplete, there's no sound.
Most of the cuts are rough drafts.
Only a small portion of it is in color.
Just storyboards animated in sequence.
By the time I start watching, the heroine Rosetta is praying atop a massive tower.
The scene soon shifts, and all the robots' power sources—the heroes' and villains' alike—are going out of control.
Hundreds of robots begin to move without their pilots onboard and head toward the tower-like structure.
Akiho: “It's the Grand Obelisk... An orbital elevator.”
I guess it's not a tower.
An orbital elevator, eh?
I recall seeing those words show up in the Kimijima Report from before.
Akiho: “It goes all the way up into geostationary orbit. In season two, it's where most of the...”
The unmanned robots that gather at the base of the tower begin to jump into the blast furnace located there.
Akiho: “What... is this...?”
A robot mass suicide?
Soon after, the Grand Obelisk begins to glow.
And from its tip that reaches even further than geostationary orbit, it fires a laser beam.
Rosetta, after burning out all of her energy, breathes her last.
Genki stands before a ruined world as the screen fades to black: “The world has been saved.” The end.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “What... is this? Is that it?”
Akiho: “This... This isn't Gunvarrel.”
Akiho's eyes are red.
She's clearly been on the brink of tears since the middle of the video.
I blink multiple times.
I don't know why, but I feel exhausted after watching this four-and-a-half minute long video.
My body is trembling from its very core.
I'm not as attached to this anime as Akiho is.
But...
Why did Frau's mom run away without broadcasting this final episode?
Why did 13 people die right before the broadcasting of the final episode?
This smells just like Kimijima Kou.
It feels like... someone running away from an unseen enemy, and as they tried desperately to escape, they attempted to send a message... even if it meant dying for it.
Propaganda...
It wouldn't be unusual for the Committee of 300 to be involved in the making of the Gunvarrel anime.
Hell, this leaked final episode looks like it was taken straight out of Kimijima Report No. 3.
This beam hits the Sun, piercing a black dot on its surface.
It's the same.
The Sun entered a period of maximum activity in 2012.
The aim of Project Atum is to artificially generate a solar storm by directly interfering with the Sun.
It's the same.
The Sun starts to explode, throwing intense fiery energy all across nearby space.
This energy inevitably reaches Earth.
It's the same.
Due to the solar storm and mass confusion on the ground, the death toll is set to rise to five billion.
It's the same.
The solar storm obliterates El-Gazzar—the main antagonist—alongside the aNubis military corps.
At the same time, all humans, save for the few that had taken shelter underground, perish.
It's the same.
The Committee of 300 plans to evacuate a portion of the elite to shelters deep underground.
It's the same.
