Frau doesn't have her own means of transportation, so we ended up traveling by taxi like celebrities would.
Well, Frau paid for it, and I'm not going to complain about a free ride.
Frau: “Nobody's around... How did this happen...?”
She's right. The place is empty.
That's exactly how it was when I last came here with Junna.
In other words, things are the same as usual.
Oh, and that whale carcass is nowhere to be found. It must've been cleaned up.
Frau: “It's summer, we're on a tropical island... Where's the adventure?”
Frau: “T-Too bad, so sad, lol. B-But I like that.”
Frau isn't smiling at all.
In fact, she's been grimacing under the bright sunlight this whole time.
She's so pale that she looks like she could collapse at any moment.
Her pasty look really feels out of place next to the tropical ocean stretching out into the distance.
Frau: “I don't see any normie showing off and having fun by the water, s-so that saved me from punching a wall.”
Kaito: “We've still got time before 1:00 p.m. rolls around. Let's start stacking rocks.”
The buried gate is right over there.
I'm a local, and even I don't know what this thing is doing here.
Either way, this gate has been here for ages.
Upon closer inspection, there are a number of rocks already stacked on top of the gate.
Indeed, these rocks have been here for years as well.
Are there more? Is it the same amount?
Who stacked them?
I haven't the foggiest clue.
I've never seen anyone stacking rocks here.
And I highly doubt that's something tourists would do.
Since there's no sign near the gate explaining that it's good luck or whatever to do so.
Maybe somebody else tried to set Flag No. 3 in the last 10 years?
Kaito: “Airi-chan, do you know how many people have attempted to get these Kimijima Reports in the past?”
Kaito: “For example, has anyone tried to set the flags for Report No. 3?”
Airi: “Um, nope♪”
Kaito: “So you mean zero people?”
Airi: “Correct! Zero people. You and Frau-san are the first challengers.”
Kaito: “...”
I didn't expect the number to be so low... or I guess non-existent.
Does that mean the rocks here are completely unrelated to the Kimijima Reports, then?
Kaito: “All right, Kona-chan. Let's get started. We need to stack 36 rocks before 1:00.”
Frau: “B-But there's no space.”
Frau's right.
The gate isn't that big. Every spot where a rock could be placed already has rocks on top of it.
Kaito: “If we could take these all off, stacking 36 would be simple.”
But the flag specifically mentions that we can't move any of the rocks already on the gate, so...
Frau: “B-By the way, who's watching to make sure the other rocks aren't removed?”
Kaito: “Now that you mention it...”
Wait, there's one person perfect for that job.
Though I guess “person” isn't the right word.
Airi: “Hiiiiya! I'm watching♪”
Airi: “Good luck, you two!”
She's so happy about it.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, could you let this flag slide if I asked?”
Airi: “Slide? What do you mean?”
Kaito: “In other words, instead of me setting the flag, could you just make it look like I did?”
Airi: “Big Brother, are you trying to cheat?”
The sad face she makes at me is enough to make me feel guilty even though she's just an AI.
Frau: “You wanna cheat, huh? I get it.”
Frau: “Cheaters should all die.”
Frau: “But this is a different story.”
Frau: “Of course we should cheat, that's just common sense.”
Kaito: “Hey, Kona-chan. You're a genius programmer, right?”
Frau: “Correcto. What of it?”
Kaito: “Can you hack into ‘IRUO.’ and trick Airi-chan?”
Frau: “Wow, you're asking me to defile Airi-tan from the inside? Filthy.”
Why does she have to word it like that?
Frau: “B-But the answer is no. It'd be impossible. ‘IRUO.’ security is super ridiculous.”
Frau: “I-It'd take a genius like me months to analyze and penetrate its defenses. rekt.”
Useless.
It'd be way faster for us to just stack rocks.
Airi: “The weather today, August 21, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be clear.”
Airi: “The weather tomorrow, August 22, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be clear.”
Perhaps because she has nothing to do, Airi starts casually reporting the weather.
Time's just ticking away. We should get started.
