Sister Centipede: “Allow me to explain what a monopole is.”
Sister Centipede: “Also known as a magnetic monopole, its existence has yet to be observed in reality.”
Sister Centipede: “It was a hypothetical elementary particle.”
Sister Centipede: “That is, until August 11, 2019.”
Sister Centipede: “Initially, magnets and ferromagnets were magnetic dipoles, always with a South and North Pole.”
Sister Centipede: “For example, even if one were to break a bar magnet in half, they would not be a separate south pole and north pole.”
Sister Centipede: “They would simply become two smaller bar magnets, each with their own south poles and north poles.” 
Sister Centipede: “Concerning why magnets always have a south pole and north pole...”
Sister Centipede: “This has yet to be fully explained scientifically.”
Sister Centipede: “The most plausible theory is that it is caused by the movement of electrons spinning around an atomic nucleus.”
Sister Centipede: “But to explain it requires a quantum mechanical approach. Clarification via unified field theory is pending.”
Sister Centipede: “Now I'll explain how a magnet is created.”
Sister Centipede: “In a magnet, the behaviors of magnetism and electricity are closely related.”
Sister Centipede: “When an electrical current is passed through a coil, magnetism is created. This is an electromagnet.”
Sister Centipede: “Ferromagnets such as iron, cobalt, and nickel also become magnets temporarily upon contact with a magnet.”
Sister Centipede: “However, their rate of demagnetization over time is high, and magnetism can even be lost within a matter of days.”
Sister Centipede: “Heating a ferromagnet to its Curie temperature causes a phase transition into a paramagnet.”
Sister Centipede: “Atoms in said substance tend to arrange along Earth's magnetism. They face the same direction as geomagnetism.”
Sister Centipede: “But geomagnetism is a weak magnetic force, so the number of atoms that face in one direction is not sizeable.”
Sister Centipede: “By heating a ferromagnet to its Curie temp and aligning the facing of atoms...”
Sister Centipede: “...Then cooling it in this state of magnetization, its atoms will keep their alignment.”
Sister Centipede: “This is called a permanent magnet.”
Sister Centipede: “Despite its name, the magnetism isn't literally permanent. It just has a very low rate of demagnetization over time.”
Sister Centipede: “According to Maxwell's equations, which calculate the behavior of electric and magnetic fields, lines of magnetic force...”
Sister Centipede: “...Can't be broken partway or newly created. This means that it must always flow from a north pole to its corresponding south pole.”
Sister Centipede: “This also leads to the conclusion that neither a north pole nor a south pole can exist by itself.”
Sister Centipede: “However, such a monopole exists right here.”
Sister Centipede: “This changes the relationship between electricity and magnetism. Its existence was only theoretical until now.”
Sister Centipede: “Simply put, just like a positive charge and a negative charge can exist independently in electricity...”
Sister Centipede: “...A north pole and a south pole can also exist independently in magnetism.”
Sister Centipede: “This can be achieved by rewriting a portion of Maxwell's equations to—”
Kaito: “Enough. Stooop.”
Despite my forceful interruption, Airi shows no displeasure and simply obeys. Er, I guess she's Sister Centipede right now.
Kaito: “This is all giving me a headache.”
Kaito: “I literally have no clue what you're talking about.”
Sister Centipede: “These are the very basics of magnetism, though.”
Kaito: “I don't care if they are. I just want you to simply explain what a monopole is and why it fell here. That's all.”
Sister Centipede: “Understood.”
Sister Centipede: “As I explained, a monopole is a hypothetical elementary particle. The experiment that Master tasked me with...”
Sister Centipede: “...Was to use the EGI System to emit electromagnetic waves into Earth's magnetosphere to create a monopole.”
So that sound is the EGI System!
Sister Centipede: “2,946 verification tests were performed up until now. This resulted in 2,945 failures and one success.”
Kaito: “Does this mean Kimijima Kou was trying to obtain a monopole? Why?”
Sister Centipede: “I don't know. Please confirm this with Master himself.”
His objective might be written in Kimijima Report No. 3 or beyond.
Kaito: “You said monopoles are a hypothetical particle. So how is this thing actually here?”
Sister Centipede: “NASA's 2003 Ulysses Project resulted in data proving the existence of monopoles in extremely close proximity to the Sun.”
Kaito: “Oh, that was in Report No. 1.”
Though those research results were suppressed by the Tavistock Institute and the Committee of 300.
They put pressure on NASA, eh?
The fact that I actually buy that means I've become a full-blown conspiracy theorist.
This is really bad.
I've been corrupted by Kimijima Kou.
Sister Centipede: “Master obtained the data from NASA in secret and implemented a plan to create a monopole in Earth's magnetosphere.”
Sister Centipede: “That would be the EGI System.”
Kaito: “So you made a monopole by sending buzzing sounds into space?”
Sister Centipede: “Correct.”
She nods like this is the most natural thing in the world.
Kaito: “It's that easy?”
Sister Centipede: “Not at all.”
Sister Centipede: “The magnetosphere, rotation and revolution of Earth, solar activity, and angle of EM wave emission all influence it.”
Sister Centipede: “As far as factors contributing to today's success are concerned...”
Sister Centipede: “The extreme state of solar activity this year is one.”
Sister Centipede: “And the other?”
Sister Centipede: “Your assistance when you opened and shut the radar dome at the top of the transmission tower on July 31.”
Kaito: “Huh? Me?”
Sister Centipede: “Due to your actions, the direction of the antenna was slightly corrected.”
Sister Centipede: “I believe this coincidental shift to the EM wave emission coordinates contributed to today's success.”
Sister Centipede: “The coordinates have now been mapped, and the possibility of creating further monopoles is high.”
Kaito: “Wait, you're going to make more of these dangerous things fall from the sky?”
If they start falling regularly, the park might have to be closed.
Kaito: “It'll get harder to spend time here...”
Kaito: “All I wanted was to relax and focus on gaming.”
I suddenly realize something.
A way to interfere with all of this.
Kaito: “So, if the antenna's direction is changed, those things won't fall?”
Sister Centipede: “Correct.”
Kaito: “Then I guess I'll do that.”
Sister Centipede: “However, to accomplish that, you have two options: rewrite the EGI System program...”
Sister Centipede: “...Or intentionally change the angle of the antenna each day.”
Sister Centipede: “Master had instructed me to reset the optimal EGI System coordinates every morning to keep the experiment going.”
I'd have to climb that tower every day...?
Not only would that require a bit of courage on my part, it'd also be a pain in the ass.
I-I guess I'll pass on it for today.
Kaito: “By the way, what should I do with the monopole that fell here?”
I look down at the monopole at my feet once again.
Kaito: “...?”
For a hot second, I thought I was seeing things. I rub my eyes.
Something's off.
Why does the grass around it look normal, but the rock itself seem blurry?
It's like there's a thin haze stretched around the monopole.
You could also say it resembles a layer of extremely fine grains of sand.
I squint my eyes at it, and it looks like those grains are spinning around the stone at high speeds... maybe?
They can't actually be spinning around... can they?
When I look at the round pachinko ball-like in the center, I notice something very different too.
If I had to make a comparison, it looks like an anko bread roll with a cut in it.
It has an unexpectedly flat shape.
Sister Centipede: “Please do not make the success of the monopole formation experiment public.”
Kaito: “Why not?”
Sister Centipede: “You do not have Master's approval.”
Kaito: “Your master died almost 10 years ago. I couldn't get approval even if I waited 100 years.”
Sister Centipede: “The experiment was prepared and implemented by Master.”
Sister Centipede: “Therefore, any public announcement of the discovered monopole involves Master's will.”
Sister Centipede: “Also, announcing such a thing to the world could draw the attention of the Committee of 300.”
Kimijima Kou was extremely cautious when it came to the Committee of 300.
They're an organization powerful enough to hide evidence of the monopoles that NASA discovered near the Sun.
In that case, if I did something stupid like go public about finding a monopole here, my life could be in danger...
This is starting to sound like a Hollywood blockbuster.
It's too much for a simple high schooler like me.
Kaito: “Okay, Airi-chan. I won't go public with this monopole stuff.”
Sister Centipede: “Thank you for your cooperation.”
Sister Centipede: “However, the success of this experiment was your achievement, so you have the right to ownership.”
Kaito: “Excuse me?”
Sister Centipede: “There are options outside of public announcement. Feel free to take it with you or dispose of it.”
Kaito: “That's all well and good, but...”
This is a problem.
Kaito: “Even if I wanted to pick it up, it's crackling with electricity. Plus, it might explode or something.”
Kaito: “I can't take something that dangerous home with me.”
But if I left it here, some dog out for a walk or a little kid playing around could end up touching it instead.
Because of how slowly it fell, it didn't leave an obvious crater or anything.
If someone who didn't know better saw this, they'd probably think it's just some kind of random rock.
That makes it even more dangerous.
Heck, they could absentmindedly step on it, causing it to discharge electricity.
Depending on what happens, it could be life-threatening.
Kaito: “I should at least move the thing.”
Kaito: “Maybe leave it on the first floor of the old community center...”
If I leave it under the stairs inside the building, there's almost no chance of a rando carelessly stepping on it.
The only problem is, well, how do I get it there?
Kaito: “Is there a way to carry this?”
Sister Centipede: “That is unclear. It's still an unknown particle, after all.”
Sister Centipede: “By the way, I'm terribly sorry, but could you upload a photo or video of the monopole?”
Sister Centipede: “ and Sister Centipede have not actually seen it for themselves yet.”
Kaito: “Whaa? Seriously?”
Kaito: “If I upload it to ‘IRUO.’, people from around the world might flood this park.”
I have no idea what it's worth, but even I know that its discovery is a huge deal.
If the world learned of it, there's no way I'd be able to game anymore. I bet it'd get dangerous around here too.
I don't want that to happen.
Kaito: “If you're cool with it, I can take a picture and give Airi-chan the data directly.”
Sister Centipede: “Understood.”
Sister Centipede: “I'll designate an upload location. Please send it there.”
It takes less than two minutes to take the photo and upload it to the designated place.
Sister Centipede: “I've received the data.”
Sister Centipede: “It looks like some kind of mineral. Even Master didn't anticipate this form.”
Kaito: “I didn't ask for your impressions. Just tell me how to carry this thing.”
Sister Centipede: “It should be safe to pick up using non-magnetic rods.”
Guess I'll give it a shot.
I find a couple of tree branches on the ground and try picking it up between them.
The haze around the monopole looks like it sways.
Kaito: “I-Is this really going to be okay?”
The monopole itself looks like it's faintly emitting light from inside itself.
I'm afraid it could explode at any moment.
Let's just hurry and get it inside the building!
As for what I'm gonna do with this newfound pain in the ass, well... I guess I'll try talking to someone about it.
