Summer is about to end.
It's not like there's a clear-cut day where summer actually ends, but...
The last day of August.
It's the last day of summer break for students.
And for high school seniors?
Well, the end of summer holds a lot more meaning.
Nae: “Kaito-kun.”
She calls out to me out of nowhere as I stare up at the sky by the TNSC bus stop.
Kaito: “Man, you really like sneaking up on people.”
Before I even realize it, Nae-san is standing there.
Nae: “What are you doing here?”
Nae-san chuckles.
Nae: “Did you come here to see me off?”
Kaito: “I didn't really think it was all that necessary to go out of my way to come.”
Kaito: “It's not like you're leaving forever or anything.”
Kaito: “But, well, you know. We did go on a date, so...”
Nae: “Hmm...”
Nae: “I didn't expect you to start playing the boyfriend role after just one date.”
Nae: “Did I perhaps catch a pure, innocent Tanegashima boy in my hooks?”
Kaito: “It's more like I'll miss having my fighting game buddy around, especially after only just finding you.”
Nae: “I knew it. Games are your number one priority, Kaito-kun.”
Kaito: “Are you leaving now?”
Nae: “Yup. I'm headed to the airport.”
Kaito: “Am I the only one seeing you off?”
Nae: “I did my rounds earlier. It's not like I'm never coming back.”
Kaito: “So when are you coming back, anyway?”
Nae: “October. Maybe earlier.”
Kaito: “If you never came back and someone told me you were just an illusion, I might believe it.”
Kaito: “You're like the illusion we all secretly hoped for.”
Nae: “Like some kind of bluebird of happiness carrying money?”
Kaito: “Do you have to put it like that? I was trying to make it sound nice.”
Nae: “Ahahah, sorry.”
Nae: “But I'm not some opportunistic deus ex machina.”
Nae: “This happened because you and Akiho-chan worked really hard to get to the ROBO-ONE grand finals.”
Nae: “Had I not seen you there, I wouldn't be on this island.”
Kaito: “I thought about it after we went to the beach the other day.”
Kaito: “You asked me if I'd go to Tokyo with you, right?”
Nae: “Mmhm.”
Nae: “Do you want to come with? There's still time.”
She says brightly.
If I said yes, she might actually take me with her.
Kaito: “I thought about whether or not I actually want to leave this place.”
Kaito: “I was scared of this feeling that the island has been left behind by the flow of time. I felt impatient, I guess.”
Kaito: “But I also still liked this place. I couldn't find the motivation to leave.”
Kaito: “I didn't understand what I really wanted for myself.”
Nae: “Kaito-kun...”
Kaito: “But your words made me realize something.”
Kaito: “I still want to play video games.”
Kaito: “I haven't yet beaten the opponent I need to beat.”
Kaito: “It seems like time sits still on this island, but it really doesn't.”
Kaito: “I am, in fact, moving forward, you know.”
Kaito: “So even if I stay here, that doesn't mean I'm frozen in place.”
It might sound like an excuse.
But my rank is improving, little by little.
Hell, I'm second place worldwide.
I'm only one spot away from my dream.
Kaito: “That's my answer for now.”
Nae: “I see.”
Nae-san is apparently taking a cab to the airport.
She asked if I wanted to ride with her, but I said no.
I came here by scooter, so it'd be a pain to get home if I left it here.
Kaito: “Oh, that's right! Here.”
On my way over, I picked a hibiscus that was blooming in my house's yard.
According to Mom, she didn't plant it.
It bloomed there naturally.
I probably should've let it be.
But if it's going to wither away anyway, I wanted Nae-san to have it.
Nae: “Wow, thank you♪”
Nae-san brings her face close to mine after taking the flower.
For a second, I thought she was going to kiss me.
Instead, our cheeks lightly touch.
First the right.
Then the left.
This was the western greeting that Nae-san told me about before.
Nae: “...”
Nae-san seems bashful.
Nae: “Today marks the end of our little summer adventure.”
Nae: “Maybe I should've played the mature woman role for a little longer...”
Kaito: “Were you actually enjoying it?”
Nae: “Ahahah, I'm kidding. If I don't hurry back, the big cheese heads are gonna get mad.”
Nae: “I'll see you again in a month.”
Nae: “Umm, ojarimouse?”
Kaito: “That would be ‘nocchiyo.’”
Nae: “Right. Nocchiyo♪”
Long after Nae-san has left by taxi, I stay behind at the TNSC, gazing up at the sky.
I doubt I'll be able to see her plane from here.
So I just imagine it in my head.
I imagine Nae-san's plane disappearing into the deep blue sky.
I wonder if it's as hot in Tokyo as it is here.
I wonder if Misa-nee ever thinks about Tanegashima from over there.
I notice a cicada's shell on the ground below the bench.
Kaito: “I guess summer break's over.”
My hushed voice fades into the sea breeze.
