I've finally come to terms with it today.
I'm a weirdo.
It's only been a day since we did battle.
Plus, she's an adult. She's not a student with nothing to do during summer break.
I've been told that my personality changes when it comes to KB, but I finally understand what that means.
After stopping by Uchugaoka Park, I made my way here at 9:00 in the morning.
I've literally been waiting here for nine hours.
I must look like a total weirdo to passersby.
As far as I'm concerned, however, I'm totally normal.
There's only one reason I'm here.
To battle with Nae-san.
I wanted to battle with her ASAP, so I've been waiting here.
If I play KB while I wait, time flies by.
Online battles make for the perfect warm up exercise.
I massage my tired eyes from over my eyelids with my finger.
During lunch, Nae-san showed up and treated me to a rice ball.
I managed to get in a battle during that short window.
She seemed stunned when I told her I'd be waiting till she was finished with work.
I glance at the clock. It's past six.
Don't most people usually get off of work at five?
Maybe she's avoiding me.
I mean, I've literally only showed her how weird I am.
I probably should've gone home for a bit, like she recommended.
There had to have been a better way to go about this.
But when I get excited, I begin to take drastic measures.
Hell, I've lost friends because of this happening repeatedly.
Akiho's the only person willing to hang out with me now.
And Akiho's a weirdo, too, which is why we're the dynamic duo of weirdos and everyone makes fun of our club.
The world is a cold, harsh place.
All I want to do is battle with strong opponents.
Nae: “Kaito-kun.”
Kaito: “Whoa?! When'd you get here?!”
And just like that, Nae-san is behind me.
Kaito: “Are you a descendant of ninjas or something?”
Nae: “Huh?”
Kaito: “No, it's just I was thinking that you're really good at hiding your presence.”
Actually, when she first visited the Robotics Club, she was standing there without anyone noticing.
Nae: “You think? I just walked over normally.”
Nae: “But I do have a habit of addressing people once I get close instead of calling out to them beforehand.”
Nae: “Maybe that's why people don't ever seem to notice me.”
I wonder...
Nae-san chuckles and points at the bench.
Nae: “Mind if I sit down?”
The bench is square-shaped and accommodates up to eight people. I could even lie down here.
Nae-san sits down after I give her a nod.
A gentle scent wafts by.
I didn't notice it when she dropped by in the afternoon.
I always associate Nae-san with the smell of sweat.
Probably because I usually only see her after she's been riding her bike.
That's why even when she's wearing her JAXA uniform, my image of her as a sporty type remains as strong as ever.
But right now she's wearing a light coat of perfume.
I wonder why?
Because she's hanging with me?
Or maybe there was an important meeting she needed to attend before meeting up.
If she put perfume on because of me, does that means she's kinda into me?
I don't mind that at all.
Nae-san is beautiful.
And I don't dislike strong people. In fact, I admire them.
Ah, I mean strong at games, not physically strong.
Kaito: “So, you actually showed up, eh? I thought you were gonna blow me off.”
Nae: “No, no. I'm sorry for being late!”
Kaito: “If you think this is a pain, you can just say so.”
Nae: “Not at all. I was a little surprised at first though.”
Nae: “But I see that you're very straightforward and pure.”
Nae: “I guess I'm kind of interested in seeing what you're looking for so intently, Kaito-kun.”
What I'm looking for, huh?
Kaito: “Strong opponents. As of right now, you, Nae-san.”
Nae: “Ahah, you sound like a samurai from way back in the day.”
Kaito: “...”
Did she just totally ignore my feeble attempt at a pick-up line?
Well, whatever. As long as we can fight.
Nae: “I should've brought some food again.”
Nae: “You can't go to war on an empty stomach.”
Kaito: “You're just hungry, aren't you?”
Nae: “Ahahah. You saw right through me.”
Kaito: “Want me to go and grab something real quick?”
Nae-san probably came by bike.
It'd be faster to take my scooter.
I should be able to get to the nearest convenience store and back in about 15 minutes.
Nae: “Are you sure?”
Kaito: “Of course!”
If I were a jerk, I could've had her fight me on an empty stomach.
I'd drag her into my own pace, and before she could regain her rhythm, I'd take the first match in a heartbeat.
But victory isn't the only thing I want from Nae-san.
It's not about the results. It's about the journey.
That's why I want Nae-san to be in tip-top shape.
I don't mind having to wait another 15 minutes.
Kaito: “I'll be right back!”
