It's been raining since early this morning, so club activities got called off.
I'm just glad it's not a downpour.
Crazy showers aren't rare during the summer.
Akiho contacted me early to let me know that club activities were off today.
I wasn't expecting to get a day off due to the rain, but now that I think about it, the weekend before ROBO-ONE was free too.
Heck, you could say we've been working too hard lately.
Not that I've done much of anything.
And so, with nobody to bother me all day, I can dive head first into Kill-Ballad!
Although I should be worrying about a bunch of other things, I want to forget all of that right now.
So I'm thankful about being able to focus on KB.
Maybe I just want to escape from reality.
After eating breakfast, I shut myself away in my room and played for two hours without losing. I was doing pretty good.
I go down to the kitchen and take a pack of Pokky without Mom noticing and pop it open. Break time.
I've really been catching up to Tagirin lately.
I might overtake them soon.
No, they wouldn't let me pass them that easily.
I stick a Pokky in my mouth and open up the leaderboards without much thought.
Kaito: “Huh?”
The Pokky falls from my mouth as I look at the rankings.
I can hardly believe my own eyes.
Kaito: “Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa?!”
I bring my face closer to my PokeCom's monitor, rub my eyes hard and look again, but nothing has changed.
Kaito: “I'm... #2?”
The top rankings have completely changed.
Up until now, I've never been able to get above fifth place.
And you're telling me I'm second all of a sudden? And first place is Tagirin, who up until now was fourth.
I immediately know what happened.
The top three names have vanished.
Takanoai, Hanasono, Bob Lee.
The three suspected cheaters who I fought against to help Frau? Well, they're nowhere to be found in the top 50.
Kaito: “Wait, so did Kona-chan ban them? She finally found evidence?”
I'm not totally satisfied by how this all ended.
Kaito: “Call Furugoori Kona.”
My PokeCom immediately dials Frau.
She's not picking up.
Knowing her, she probably just doesn't wanna answer.
If I keep trying, I might be able to annoy her into having her Rosetta bot answer.
Considering she's constantly holed up in her room, I know she's more than capable of answering.
Frau: “Hello...”
Kaito: “Finally.”
Kaito: “Whoa, you look pale as heck. Did you catch a cold or something?”
Frau: “...”
Frau looks even more ghastly than usual.
The dark circles under her eyes are worse than normal too.
Well, whatever.
Let's get to the subject at hand.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, there's something I wanted to ask. Did you ban the top three on the leaderboards?”
Frau nods slightly at my question.
Kaito: “Did you find evidence?”
Frau: “Th-The cheat verification tool didn't find any.”
Kaito: “Then why?”
Frau: “...”
Frau hesitates.
Kaito: “What happened?”
Frau: “Well...”
Frau: “I-I had the people in my group...”
Frau: “...Drop by where the top three all live.”
Wow, she really sent them over.
Frau: “And...”
Frau: “They were all dead.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Excuse me?
Frau: “All three. Dead in their homes.”
Kaito: “Seriously?”
Frau: “My colleagues were complaining about horrible smells outside their doors, and their landlords couldn't get in touch with them.”
Frau: “Then, when they had the landlords open the r-rooms... they found them...”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “O-On top of that, th-they had died half a year ago...”
Kaito: “No, no way.”
Half a year ago?
That's nuts!
I was literally just fighting them a few days ago.
Kaito: “Th-This is a joke, right?”
Frau shakes her head.
Frau: “A-All three were slumped over in front of their PCs, dead.”
Frau describes how their PokeComs were connected to their PCs.
Frau: “The causes of death were heart attack, brain hemorrhage, and starvation. They were all different...”
Starvation...?
We're almost 20 years into the 21st century. Someone starved to death in this era?
Kaito: “So no possibility that these were crimes?”
Frau shakes her head.
Kaito: “How were the three related?”
Frau: “They weren't.”
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Frau: “A-According to the police...”
Frau: “The three of them had nothing in common in real life.”
Kaito: “Yet they all died half a year ago in similar ways, and nobody found them until now...”
Is such a coincidence even possible...?
Frau: “A-Also, all three of their PCs were left on... Apparently.”
Kaito: “Are you trying to tell me the corpses were playing or something?”
Just the thought of playing against a bunch of corpses sends chills down my spine.
But that's not realistic.
This isn't a horror film.
Kaito: “Someone must have taken control of the top three accounts and was playing for them.”
But to what end?
And if the accounts had been taken...
...Isn't it possible that all three were actually murdered?
Frau: “A-Anyway, that's why I banned those three accounts.”
Kaito: “Without knowing for sure if they were cheaters, eh?”
Kaito: “What happened with that virus they hit you with?”
Frau: “I removed it... I think.”
Kaito: “What was the person who hijacked the accounts trying to do?”
Kaito: “If nothing else, it sounds like the real players got swapped out half a year ago.”
Kaito: “But something else has me curious.”
Kaito: “Those three were already controlling the top spots half a year ago. Their fighting styles haven't really changed.”
Kaito: “If the real life players got swapped out...”
Kaito: “That'd mean that the people who took over the accounts were perfectly copying Takanoai, Hanasono, and Bob Lee.”
But is that even possible?
Frau: “...”
Frau: “B-By the way, have you seen the news?”
Kaito: “What news?”
Frau: “I-It's not exactly related to KB, but it sorta is...”
Kaito: “What happened?”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “The final episode.”
Kaito: “The... final episode?”
