There's not much for the two of us to do on this empty beach.
If we were in a relationship, we could flirt by the shore or sit shoulder-to-shoulder in the sand, chatting away endlessly.
But Nae-san and I aren't like that.
Had I brought a watermelon with me, we could've split it like the good old days.
Or if we had a beach ball or floats, maybe we'd have something to do.
But since we decided to come here yesterday, we didn't really prepare anything.
I don't even know where we're gonna get lunch.
Needless to say, there aren't any beach houses here.
The closest store is about 10 minutes away by scooter.
Anyway, we've already exited the water. It's only been an hour since we arrived.
Kaito: “I didn't think I'd get exhausted so quickly.”
I haven't been to the beach in a while, so I've totally forgotten how to enjoy the ocean.
Nae: “Ahahah. I bet when you were little, you could play for hours.”
We lay a vinyl sheet out on the sand and sit on it. Nae-san has been applying sunscreen to herself.
She apparently forgot to put it on before leaving the dorm.
Nae: “It's been a while since I've been able to laze out like this. When I go to the beach, I always wear myself out.”
Nae: “And then I get sleepy on the way home.”
Nae-san doesn't seem to be the least bit bored.
Nae: “Now then, Kaito-kun. Could you do me a big favor and put some sunscreen on my back? Just wherever is fine.”
She hands me the sunscreen.
Hmmm, her back, eh?
Nae-san is wearing a bikini with extremely low coverage.
Her back is practically bare.
Hell, I don't even think I've seen my childhood friend's back this up close and personal recently.
Kaito: “If you want me to help, you gotta battle me.”
Nae: “Whaaaa? Is now the time to say that?”
Nae: “This is supposed to be the embarrassing but heart pounding moment that guys dream of!”
Nae: “Wait, Kaito-kun. Are you not into girls?”
Kaito: “How did you come to that conclusion?”
Kaito: “And I mean, you're the one asking me to put sunscreen on your back. Are you coming on to me?”
Nae: “Ahahah, who knows?”
And just like that, she's acting like an older, more experienced woman.
I don't want her to get the wrong idea about me, so I opt to just help her.
I put some sunscreen on my palms and gently apply it to her skin.
Nae: “Heee!”
Nae-san's whole back twitches.
I guess it must tickle a little.
Her skin is elastic, smooth, warm, and feels good to the touch.
Nae: “You don't have to be so pro about it! Just put it on wherever.”
I can feel the vibration of her voice through her skin when she speaks.
Kaito: “Once I'm done, let's battle.”
Nae: “You're so persistent, Kaito-kun.”
Kaito: “By the way, don't people usually lie down and untie their bikini strings for this kind of thing?”
Nae: “That's for tanning oil, not sunscreen.”
Nae: “You put that on when you want to get a nice, brown tan.”
Kaito: “Huh, I see.”
I hand the sunscreen back to Nae-san after doing a quick sweep across her back like she told me to.
Nae: “Thanks♪”
Nae: “So? How'd you like touching a young maiden's fair skin?”
Kaito: “Are you really gonna ask me that?”
Nae: “Ahahah, you're blushing. You're so cute♪”
She starts poking me with her finger.
Since she's the one teasing me, I decide to unleash a light-hearted counterattack.
Kaito: “Fine, I'll tell you.”
Kaito: “Your skin was smooth and soft like a marshmallow. To be perfectly honest, I wanted to keep going.”
Nae: “H-Hoh, r-really.”
Nae: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Crap, I think I just dug my own grave.
This is more embarrassing than I thought it'd be.
Wait, why is Nae-san the one blushing?
What happened to her whole mature, experienced woman thing??
We sit in silence for a while.
It's pretty awkward.
Nae: “Kaito-kun, are you...”
Nae-san breaks the ice, but she's no longer blushing.
She's kind of smiling, actually.
But she also sorta looks like she's on the verge of tears.
Her expression is somewhere in the middle...
Nae: “You seemed pretty bummed about me leaving for Tokyo...”
Kaito: “Yeah, I guess.”
Nae: “Do you want to come with me?”
Kaito: “Eh...?”
Nae: “If I were to invite you to come... What would you do?”
Nae-san doesn't look at me.
Instead, she gazes out at the horizon.
What is she thinking?
What is the meaning of this question?
I feel like she's looking into my heart.
It feels like I don't understand Nae-san as well as I thought I did.
I...
I gently close my eyes.
That day, six years ago...
I was still a kid.
And Akiho was entrusted to me.
I couldn't chase her. I didn't have the means to chase after her.
But what about now?
I could go if I wanted to.
I could go alone, even.
Ignoring the specifics.
I could go right this moment.
No, I don't have any money, and I've done no prep.
That's right. I'm not prepared.
Back then...
Six years ago, if I could have, I would've wanted to go with her.
I still feel that way now.
But even then...
What have I accomplished these past six years?
I think I've been able to uphold the promise I made to Misa-nee.
But back then, I gave up on my feelings, my hopes. I had to.
I've had lots of chances to make them become a reality since.
In six months, I graduate high school.
But...
How much prep have I really done to follow her to Tokyo?
I open my eyes.
The sunlight brightly reflects off the sand.
Kaito: “I don't know...”
That's the only answer I can squeeze out.
I'm utterly hopeless.
Nae: “I see.”
Nae: “You might just be looking for someone to play games with.”
Someone to play games with...?
Nae: “You're the type who can't get serious unless you have an opponent to beat.”
I don't think she's wrong.
Nae: “But...”
Nae-san looks at me.
The smile on her face is a little lonesome.
Nae: “I can't become someone's replacement for you, Kaito-kun.”
She saw right through me.
I knew it. She's on a different level.
She's not just pretending to be an adult.
That day, our date came to an abrupt end before noon.
Nae-san told me she had fun with her usual smile, but I knew better. I knew that she was just being polite.
Nae-san is an adult.
I'm still a child.
That's all there is to it.
