Mizuka: “Welcome.”
Mizuka-san is checking sales slips and doesn't even try to raise her head.
Kaito: “Hey...”
I bow my head and make my way to the drink shelf.
Kaito: “Looking beautiful as always.”
Mizuka: “Is that so?”
Mizuka is tapping away on a calculator and doesn't look up.
She responds with a shrug and lets the words go in one ear and out the other.
The shelf is right in front of the register.
I see the usual types of drinks lined up. I reach for a pack of Skal, but stop myself.
I instead grab the usual Fruit Sour Melon. I thought I might try something different for once, but eh.
Kaito: “Mizuka-san.”
I call to her with my back still facing the register.
Mizuka: “Up for a passion fruit bun?”
Mizuka: “You haven't been eating any lately, so I haven't sold a single one.”
I have no desire to eat one of those barftastic buns today.
Kaito: “I've been kind of busy.”
Kaito: “But there is something I want to ask you about.”
After a long moment of hesitation, I take a Fruit Sour Melon to the register.
Mizuka: “If you got questions...”
Mizuka-san points at the steamer off to the side with her eyes.
It's the middle of summer, yet she still has that cursed steamer going.
Kaito: “No, no. It's nothing like that.”
Kaito: “Have you talked to Misa-nee lately?”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san immediately stops tapping away at her calculator.
Mizuka: “What do you mean by that?”
Kaito: “Exactly what I said.”
Mizuka: “Did something happen with Misa?”
Kaito: “Not really.”
Kaito: “It's just, I hear Aki-chan can't get in touch with her.”
Mizuka-san pushes the sales slips to one side, rests her chin on her hands, and stares vacantly out into the distance.
Mizuka: “We talk once in a while.”
I see. So she's kept in touch with Mizuka-san.
She called me before too.
Which means she's deliberately avoiding Akiho.
But why?
Kaito: “How's she doing?”
Mizuka: “The same as usual.”
Mizuka: “She said something about being too embarrassed to contact her family or meet up in Tokyo.”
Kaito: “...”
Mizuka: “Misa was never one for phone calls.”
Mizuka: “Even when she does ring me up, I end up doing most of the talking while she listens.”
Mizuka: “She was always like that.”
I smile bitterly and nod my head as I place a 100 yen coin on the counter.
Mizuka: “Thanks.”
I glance at Mizuka-san from the side as she puts the coin in the register.
Something suddenly crosses my mind.
The attitude shift Mizuka-san had when I last mentioned Kimijima Kou and Airi...
Does she know something about Kimijima Kou?
I glance over at the steamer.
Mizuka: “Need something else?”
Kaito: “...”
I pick up my drink and shake my head.
Kaito: “Nah, I'm good.”
I hurry out of the store.
