The last day of the Obon holiday.
I followed Akiho to the hangar to find Doc loading up Model-1's engine.
Fujita: “All right, I'm takin' it.”
Akiho: “Okay. I'm counting on you.”
Fujita: “It's not your fault it broke. It's that damn Minato who sent us a defective part.”
Minato is the owner of Minato Motors. He's not a bad guy, but compared to Kamata Motors, he's less cooperative.
Fujita: “But you're the one who equipped it without proper outfitting. Just remember that.”
Akiho: “I will.”
Fujita: “I'll give you the overhaul for free since you've been a regular customer as of late.”
Fujita: “I'll haul it back here once it's fixed. Catch you later.”
Doc gets on the truck loaded with the engine and takes off.
That old man's been a lot nicer to Akiho these days. Maybe she's been better about paying him?
It's definitely professional of him, but it's also kinda cold how quickly he switches his tone.
Akiho watches the truck drive off with a lonely expression on her face.
Even after the truck vanishes, she's still standing in place.
Kaito: “So, you're going to fix Model-1, eh?”
Akiho: “Yup.”
Akiho: “I feel bad leaving it broken like that.”
Kaito: “You were always pretty attached to it.”
Akiho: “Attached, huh... You're not wrong.”
Model-1 is outside of the hangar.
The upper and lower body parts are still more or less attached, but since the engine is gone, the bolts aren't properly in place.
Seeing it lying out in the open like this is sad even when compared to its years of neglect inside the hangar.
The cover tossed over it is just the icing on the cake.
Akiho walks over to Model-1 and lovingly puts her hand over the thin arm sticking out from the cover.
Akiho: “I've poured so much love into it. Plus, Big Sis designed it.”
Akiho: “He's like our child in a way.”
Akiho: “Well, I guess it's more accurate to say he's all of the Robotics Club's child.”
Akiho: “Don't they always say that the more troublesome a kid is, the more lovable they are?”
Akiho: “I think I finally understand that now.”
Kaito: “That's amazing. You're gonna be an awesome mom in the future.”
Akiho: “Hehe...”
Kaito: “But you are halting development on him, right?”
Akiho: “Yup.”
Akiho: “I plan to have him built properly for another event, but not for the Expo.”
Akiho: “I don't know when that will be.”
Akiho: “But I'm thinking I'll just chip at him bit by bit, just like I've always done. Even if I gotta do it alone.”
Akiho: “I think there are things I can do in parallel with GunBuild-2's development too.”
Kaito: “What about the storage fee? The VP seems like she'd hate stuff like that.”
Akiho: “I'll just have to be persistent about negotiating.”
Persistent, she says.
Ever since Akiho became president, she's mostly forced her way through things. A far cry from negotiating.
Akiho: “But! We gotta prioritize GunBuild-2 from here on out!”
Akiho: “Oh, a message. Speak of the devil, maybe?”
Akiho checks her PokeCom and I step away.
Subaru's inside the hangar.
He's sitting at the work desk in the corner with an open notebook, writing something down.
We didn't ask him to come in today, yet here he is nonetheless.
And not just today. He's been dropping by every day since the day before yesterday.
One time, Akiho hadn't come here yet. So I asked him what he was doing, when he couldn't even enter the hangar.
He said designing GunBuild-2. Because he can't work at home, he's been willingly coming in during the Obon holiday to work.
He's serious. Where's that indifference he was flaunting the other day when Akiho asked him for help?
Eh. Subaru's far more reliable when it comes to doing actual work, so leaving it to him seems fine.
I'll be liberated from babysitting Akiho for the time being.
Still though, what exactly is Subaru staring so seriously at?
I sneak up behind him in an attempt to take a peek, and...
Kaito: “Oh, this is...”
Akiho: “Kai! Subaru!”
Akiho hurriedly rushes into the hangar.
Akiho: “The time has come!”
Akiho: “The final battle is tomorrow!”
I appreciate the enthusiasm, but could you at least explain yourself first?
Both Subaru and I are completely lost.
Kaito: “What are you talking about?”
Akiho: “I just got a message from Tennouji-san!”
Akiho: “I told her we'd accept JAXA's support after all, and she got back to me even though it's a holiday! She's so nice.”
Akiho: “Anyway, she told us to come to the Space Center tomorrow since they'll be open again.”
Kaito: “So, what's this ‘final battle’ you mentioned?”
Akiho: “Isn't it obvious? Even though they're supporting us, we gotta make sure they know we're gonna build GunBuild-2 our way!”
Akiho: “We gotta stay firm on this—otherwise, they'll take advantage of us.”
Akiho: “Just leave that part to me! I've polished my negotiation skills by butting heads with the VP!”
Butting heads? More like getting a one-sided beating.
Subaru: “Tomorrow, you say?”
Subaru: “Good timing. I was just putting together an outline we could use to discuss Prototype Model-2's design.”
Akiho: “An outline?”
Subaru: “A list of notes and summaries and the like.”
Subaru: “Disregarding practical issues like budget, I've focused entirely on how we can build a giant bipedal robot.”
Subaru: “I came up with a number of proposals, trying to stay as realistic as possible.”
Subaru: “If we can use this as leverage, I think the meeting should go smoothly.”
Subaru: “Would you like to read it beforehand?”
Subaru points to the notebook on top of the work desk.
Akiho looks at it with reservation.
Then her eyes go wide.
Akiho: “Wh-What in the world?!”
Akiho: “Subaru, you're a complete psycho!”
She gasps in disbelief.
