The next day, Akiho got the call that Doc had woken up.
And for whatever reason, she decided to drag me out to go see him too.
Just because he's awake doesn't mean that he's recovered. Besides, we're just customers, not family. We'd probably just be upsetting him by showing up unannounced.
I decided to just wait in the lobby and let Akiho go in without me.
Considering today's a holiday, there aren't many people in the lobby.
An older man, likely a patient, is sitting down reading a newspaper.
Junna: “Ah...”
And there's one other person.
Junna is sitting down, a grave expression on her face.
As soon as she sees us, she gets up to greet us.
Akiho: “How're you feeling, Jun? Doc is up, right?”
Junna: “Yeah. It, um... seems like he woke up this morning.”
Junna: “He got transferred from the ICU to a hospital room earlier. That's what the doctor told me.”
Kaito: “Were you with him the entire time?”
Junna: “No... Not really...”
For some reason, Junna shakes her head from side to side, flustered.
Junna: “I only just got here a minute ago, like you guys...”
Akiho: “How did he look?”
Junna: “...”
She hangs her head.
Junna: “Um... I haven't seen him yet...”
Akiho: “Huh? Didn't you come here just to see him...?”
Akiho: “Oh, right.”
Akiho seems to have remembered.
Junna made it clear in the past that she was scared of Doc.
Back when Akiho tried to invite Junna along to the Robot Clinic, she immediately refused.
She's here because she's family, but it's still not easy for her to see him face to face.
Junna: “Dad is getting the details from the doctor right now...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, we really should head home for today.”
Kaito: “We're not even that close to Doc anyway. He'd probably freak out if we came barging in unannounced.”
Kaito: “Let's be reasonable. We should at least wait two or three days and see how things go before we try and visit.”
Akiho: “Kai, that's cold...”
Akiho, upset with me, puffs out her cheeks.
Akiho: “We owe Doc a lot from back when we were working on GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “If it wasn't for Doc, he wouldn't have even walked.”
Akiho: “On top of that, I plan on getting lots more advice from him going forward.”
Akiho: “So stop being be so cold.”
Akiho: “And you too, Jun. You can't keep running away. Do you plan on never seeing him again?”
Junna: “But...”
Akiho: “No buts.”
Akiho: “If he's been transferred to a hospital room, that means we can go see him.”
Akiho: “So, let's all go together then!”
Akiho grabs Junna's hand, then mine, and begins to drag us behind her at a brisk pace.
Junna: “Er, wha, Akiho-chan, wait...”
Akiho: “I want to at least see his face and tell him that I'm glad he's okay.”
Akiho: “What about you, Jun?”
Junna: “I...”
Junna struggles to find her words.
Granted, it doesn't seem like Akiho ever planned on hearing her response.
Akiho: “At any rate, let's go!”
Declaring this, she resumes her march forward.
I could protest, but I don't want to make a scene in a hospital.
I guess I have no choice. I'll poke my head in for a second and then leave. Hopefully that'll be enough for Akiho.
Junna: “Um, Akiho-chan... That's where the examination rooms are...”
Junna points in the opposite direction of where Akiho is walking.
Junna: “The hospital rooms are upstairs...”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho stops in her tracks.
Akiho: “‘No one likes to admit to mistakes they've made because of their youth.’”
Kaito: “Please just admit to it...”
Doc's room is in the very back of the third floor.
A piece of paper with the name “Fujita” written on it is attached to the wall by the door.
Through the frosted glass, I can see the lights on inside.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, could you put away the Blu-ray...?”
Akiho: “Eh?”
Much to my bewilderment, Akiho had pulled a Gunvarrel Blu-ray from her bag.
Akiho: “But it's a get-well-soon gift!”
Akiho: “It has episode 51 of Gunvarrel on it. Whenever I watch this one, I always get filled with energy, so Doc would—”
Kaito: “Just put it away.”
Akiho pouts as she shoves it back in her bag.
Junna: “...”
Junna's face is turning pale.
She's clearly pushing herself too hard.
Akiho: “Jun... I'm sorry. Do you wanna go back?”
Akiho has noticed Junna's current condition and seems to have backed off a bit.
Hence giving her the option to leave.
Yet, surprisingly, Junna shakes her head weakly.
Junna: “I-I have to see him, at least... once.”
Junna: “I'm his granddaughter, after all...”
Akiho: “Jun...”
Junna takes a step forward, her expression stiff.
She stands in front of the door.
Junna: “...”
She gazes at us, as if to ask, “Should I knock?”
Akiho silently nods.
Junna: “...”
Junna takes a deep breath...
...And knocks.
Nurse: “Yeees?”
Much to our surprise, a woman's voice responds.
It must be the nurse.
Junna hesitates and turns to us, unsure of what to do.
Akiho: “J-Just say your name!”
Junna: “Oh, um...”
Junna: “I, uh, um, I'm Grandpa, uh, Fujita's daughter, er, granddaughter, Junna...”
Junna: “...”
Why would she freeze up there?
At this point, we look like a bunch of suspicious weirdos.
There's no response from inside the room.
Maybe they didn't hear us?
Junna seems to have the same idea, so she grabs the handle of the sliding door and slightly opens it.
Fujita: “Have them leave.”
It's Doc.
And I can hear him perfectly clear.
Junna: “Ngh...”
Junna is frozen with her hand still on the handle.
I can sense somebody moving around inside of the room.
The door slides open, and the nurse appears.
Nurse: “I'm sorry. Fujita-san isn't well enough for visitors yet.”
Nurse: “I'm deeply sorry you've come all this way, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave for today.”
Junna: “O-Okay.”
Junna bows slightly, her head still hanging down, and walks back the way we came.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho stares at the door, dissatisfied. I give her back a light shove, and after letting out a big sigh, she finally follows after Junna.
The three of us return to the lobby, Akiho agitated and Junna even more dejected than before. There, we come across Subaru.
He must've just gotten here.
Subaru: “Have you all already seen him?”
Kaito: “Did you come to see him too?”
Subaru: “Prez called me over. Although, common sense would say that it's too early to visit.”
Yeah, you're right about that...
Subaru: “What's the matter?”
Kaito: “Let's step outside for a sec.”
Once outside, we explain the situation to Subaru.
Subaru: “So, no visitors were allowed... or no, he just refused to see you all?”
Subaru: “Perhaps he's not doing as well as we thought.”
Akiho: “I just can't believe he refused to see Jun, too.”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “I thought for sure that Doc would've wanted to see his granddaughter.”
Aki-chan, you really shouldn't say stuff like that right in front of her.
Kaito: “It's not like he specifically refused to see us because of Jun-chan.”
I mean, I guess it kinda sounded like he did, but I digress.
Kaito: “Let's wait a little bit for Doc to get better. We can all come visit him again later.”
Kaito: “I'm sure he'll be willing to see us then.”
Subaru: “Daitoku-senpai, what caused Doc to collapse before? What's his condition?”
Junna: “...”
Subaru: “Daitoku-senpai?”
Junna: “Ah! Um...”
Subaru's question brings Junna back to her senses and she quickly answers.
Junna: “Dad heard all the details.”
Junna: “But um, from what little I heard...”
Junna: “He had a heart attack.”
Junna: “Dad said he might need to have surgery.”
Junna: “And if he needs surgery, none of the hospitals on this island will be able to do it.”
Subaru: “...Which means the Robot Clinic is going to be closed for a while.”
Junna: “W-Well... I wouldn't know...”
Akiho: “Mmm, I know this isn't really the right time to say something like this, but...”
Akiho: “It's gonna be tough not having access to the Robot Clinic during GunBuild-2's production.”
Akiho: “Doc was really flexible with us. He went to the moon and back to get us what we needed.”
Subaru: “But Prez, weren't you just banned from there not too long ago?”
Akiho: “D-Don't bring that up right now!”
Subaru: “And wasn't Doc opposed to the construction of GunBuild-2?”
Subaru: “If that's the case, we wouldn't have been able to utilize the Clinic anyway. We need to look into other options.”
Kaito: “And weren't you always grumbling and complaining about Doc? About how he's stingy and stubborn and—”
Akiho: “Okay, okay! Stop mentioning all of this in front of Jun!”
Junna: “O-Oh, um, I don't really mind at all...”
Akiho: “Wh-What? But you looked like you were having a really hard time earlier...”
Junna: “I'm okay. Really.”
Junna's smile is so weak that I can feel my heart shatter into pieces.
Junna: “We, uh, didn't really stay in contact to begin with, so...”
Junna: “Wait, what am I saying...?”
Junna, surprised by her own words, shuts herself down completely.
Silence.
An awkward silence hangs in the air.
But then Akiho breaks through it all.
Akiho: “Doc's advice really helped me out.”
Akiho grabs Junna's hand and speaks to her.
Akiho: “He might be stubborn, but his skills are unquestionable.”
Akiho: “Plus, I don't know anyone else who's more devoted to building robots than Doc.”
Akiho: “I was really surprised by how attached he was to GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “He was really passionate about the robot Big Sis designed and built with the club.”
Akiho: “And that made me super happy!”
Akiho: “That's why I want Doc to recover soon and reopen the Robot Clinic.”
Akiho: “And that's completely separate from the GunBuild-2 stuff.”
Kaito: “You're still banned, though, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Grr...”
Akiho: “You big jerk...!”
Akiho turns to me and violently ruffles up my hair.
Gaaah... She did it again...
Akiho: “Stop bringing up all these hurtful truths one-by-one!”
I desperately escape from Akiho's aggressive assault.
I'm concerned about Junna...
She said that they're not in contact, but she looks like she's in a lot of pain from everything that happened today...
