Junna: “Excuse me...”
Junna: “...”
I've managed to enter the faculty room, but it's not long before I freeze up.
I didn't do anything wrong, nor did I do anything that'd make anyone mad... Or at least I don't think I have.
But despite that, there's this unwelcoming aura filling the room, and it's making me want to run away...
The teachers are busy with work and are paying me no mind.
I came here to see Nagafukada-sensei, but I don't know where his desk is. Is it okay for me to just wander in?
I stand on my tiptoes to look and see if I can spot the top of his head, but...
I'm just too short, so I give up trying.
Wh-What should I do?
The more anxious I get, the more confused I become.
I-I'll just step out for now and come back during lunch or something.
But as soon as I turn to the right...
Vice Principal Usui: “...!”
I come face-to-face with the vice principal who just walked in through the door.
Junna: “Um, uh, g-good morning.”
I'm flustered, but I still manage to bow my head.
Vice Principal Usui: “Daitoku-san, what are you doing here?”
Huh? The vice principal knows my name?
Junna: “Uh, um, I wanted to talk to Nagafukada-sensei.”
Vice Principal Usui: “I see.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Nagafukada-sensei!”
She turns to the center of the staff room and calls out for him on my behalf.
B-But I really wish she wouldn't yell so loudly. Everyone's looking at us now...
I follow her gaze and catch Nagafukada-sensei standing up near the window.
After bowing deeply to the vice principal, I keep my head lowered and jog toward Nagafukada-sensei's desk.
Junna: “Good morning, Nagafukada-sensei.”
Mitsuhiko: “Oh, if it ain't Daitoku. What's up?”
Junna: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “Hrm? I can't read your mind, little lady. I'm no esper. That's a pro tip. Got it memorized?”
Junna: “Ah, yeah...”
Nagafukada-sensei is not an esper.
Nagafukada-sensei is not an esper...
Junna: “Um, Nagafukada-sensei...?”
I lick my lips.
It's taking all the courage in the world to get the words out.
I'm not used to asking teachers for favors like this.
Junna: “Can I see the video?”
Mitsuhiko: “What video? A sexy one?”
I can feel my face start to get hot and I violently shake my head.
Mitsuhiko: “Then what video? A work-out movie or something?”
Junna: “No, not that... The, uh...”
Junna: “The video of Model 1-kun's test run from the other day...”
I'm fairly certain Nagafukada-sensei recorded the whole thing.
Mitsuhiko: “Oh, that?”
Junna: “Can I see it... please?”
Mitsuhiko: “Yeah, sure. Hold up.”
He pulls up the video on his PokeCom.
Mitsuhiko: “Uncle really gave me an earful cuz you didn't pilot that thing, you know.”
Junna: “I-I'm sorry...”
Come to think of it, I haven't seen the president since that day.
He must be really angry... It'll be really awkward with him now...
Mitsuhiko: “Grab a seat.”
The teacher who normally sits next to him is nowhere to be seen.
Nagafukada-sensei suggests I take their seat. I'm a little hesitant, but I sit down nonetheless.
He then hands me his PokeCom.
Mitsuhiko: “I'll send you a copy later. Show it to Little Senomiya and the others too. I forgot to give it to you all.”
Junna: “Oh, okay.”
I nod as I look at the screen.
It's a sunny day at the old airport.
That same summer day when the massive Model 1-kun walked on his own two feet.
Why did I want to see this video?
It's all because of the photo that Yashio-kun gave me.
Junna: “Ah...”
For just a second, I see a figure that looks like Grandpa Fujita in the corner of the video.
He was there that day too.
I guess that's obvious. He did help make the parts for Model 1-kun, after all.
But back then, I was so preoccupied with not piloting Model 1-kun that I didn't think about anything else.
I was freaking out.
It's almost like I couldn't even see the robot.
No, not just the robot. I couldn't see anything around me.
I didn't even realize that Grandpa was there.
The video I'm watching has sound as well.
I can hear the spectators chattering among themselves.
There were so many people that came to see us that day.
In the end, they all started complaining because Model 1-kun barely moved, and the test was brought to a sudden and abrupt end.
I wonder what they were thinking before the test started?
That's what I wanted to know.
Since that many people came out, they must've been excited, right?
I turn up the PokeCom's volume and put my ear to it.
Most of the video's sound is incoherent noise, making it hard to pick up what anyone is saying.
But every once in a while, the mic managed to pick up the voices of some children nearby.
Boy A: “It looks so lame!”
Boy B: “It's sooooo biiiiig!”
Boy C: “If that thing actually moves, it'll be awesome!”
Boy B: “No bad guys are gonna mess with us now!”
Boy C: “What if it could use weapons?! Boom! Swoosh!”
Boy A: “Gunvarrel doesn't use weapons! Gunvarrel fights with his fists!”
Boy B: “I wanna ride it!”
Boy C: “If that thing ran, it'd cause an earthquake for sure!”
Boy A: “But man it looks so lame, ahahaha!”
Boy B: “It's lame but it's huuuuge!”
The camera occasionally looks toward a group of boys.
I spy Mikihiro-kun among them, one of my kids from karate.
They all look like they're having a blast, happily staring up at Model 1-kun.
Judging from their voices, they can hardly wait for Model 1-kun to activate.
Junna: “That's how they looked...”
Mitsuhiko: “Huh? Whazzat? Buuurp.”
I guess I interrupted Nagafukada-sensei's breakfast.
He gulps down some incredibly thick milk. He must've mixed it with protein powder or something.
Junna: “I'm talking about the people who came to watch that day.”
And not just the children.
The elderly who dropped by who look like they came straight from a farm or something.
They're wearing all kinds of hoods and sun visors.
And they're all waiting for the test to begin while drinking tea out of their canteens.
Most of them are smiling.
Some of them are fighting off the glaring sun.
Others are simply watching in admiration.
Some look stunned.
Each and every face has a unique expression, but they're all looking up at the giant Model 1-kun.
Not a single person is scared.
Yeah, the complaints start coming in once the test starts.
But even the children are watching and laughing at Model 1-kun as it walks along ever so slowly.
“I'm faster than you!” one boy cries as the kids begin lining themselves alongside Model 1-kun and racing it.
The elderly continue smiling and admiring the robot.
An old man who's been drunk since the morning yells, ‘Do a better job!’ But even he's holding his stomach in laughter.
While watching the video, I finally notice...
Junna: “Ah...”
Why?
Why am I tearing up?
I've never felt like this before.
My emotions are all over the place.
Is this where I should cry?
I don't know, but it's just happening naturally.
I can't help but hug the PokeCom close to my chest and wipe my tears away.
Hey, Grandpa Fujita?
Is this what you wanted to see? Is this what you spent ten long years waiting to see...?
‘Robots are the friends of mankind.’
When I was a child, did I destroy that dream?
Mitsuhiko: “Have you gone to see Doc since he got hospitalized?”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Nagafukada-sensei asks me.
After I shake my head, he starts stretching in his chair.
Then he cracks his neck.
Mitsuhiko: “You know, Doc blames himself. You hear me, Daitoku?”
Mitsuhiko: “That cranky old man's been blaming himself for a real long time now.”
Mitsuhiko: “I thought robots could be mankind's friends, but I was nothin' but conceited... His words.”
Mitsuhiko: “That's what he said to me the other day.”
Mitsuhiko: “But I think the fact that he thinks he was conceited is conceited in and of itself.”
Mitsuhiko: “That's a pro tip.”
Junna: “...”
The bell rings, so I take my leave.
I don't quite understand Nagafukada-sensei's pro tip, but...
I do know that my chest is tightening after hearing that Grandpa Fujita has been blaming himself all this time.
And you know what? It didn't surprise me.
Maybe somewhere deep inside, I already knew.
After getting home...
I sit in the empty dojo after practice ended...
...And stare down at the photo Yashio-kun gave me.
I slowly slip it out from its frame.
A much younger me...
Grandpa Fujita, who looks pretty much the same as he does now...
And Yoshiro-kun, whose face is a lot cleaner than it is now.
The three of us are smiling brightly.
Goh: “There you are, Junna. How's supper coming along?”
Dad pokes his head into the dojo, a concerned expression on his face.
Goh: “Hm? Ohh, this photo...? Talk about a blast from the past.”
Junna: “Master...”
My eyes locked on the photo, I decide to ask him.
Goh: “Dad is fine. What is it?”
Junna: “Um, Dad... Can you...”
Junna: “Can you tell me about the day I got injured at the Robot Clinic...?”
Junna: “What did Grandpa Fujita say back then?”
Goh: “...Well, your grandfather was in tears when he found you crushed beneath his robot.”
Goh: “‘What have you done?!’ he yelled.”
Junna: “Who was he yelling at? Me?”
Goh: “No, he was angry at the robot.”
Goh: “Actually, perhaps that isn't true.”
Goh: “He was angry at himself for allowing a robot to hurt a child. For letting one hurt you.”
It feels like a knife is piercing through my chest.
Junna: “...What about now?”
Goh: “He may very well still blame himself.”
Goh: “You went to visit him after he was hospitalized, yes?”
Goh: “He told me he couldn't see you.”
Goh: “That he was too ashamed of himself to do it.”
We're the same.
Grandpa Fujita and I are exactly the same.
Ever since the accident, it's been awkward between us. We started avoiding each other only a little bit at first, but before we knew it, we hadn't seen each other in 10 years.
The me in this photo looks so happy, and so does Grandpa Fujita, and so does Yoshiro-kun. We all look incredibly close.
Junna: “...This is all my fault.”
Junna: “Grandpa and Yoshiro-kun didn't do anything wrong...”
Can I fix this?
Can we be close again like we used to be...?
I don't know, but...
If I run away now, I know I'll be empty for the rest of my life.
And for the first time ever, I don't want that.
Waiting around won't fill the hole in my heart.
