I repeat the same combo against my CPU opponent, over and over again.
The key to getting better at fighting games is repetition.
That way, you can minimize any misinputs you might make.
Doing this for long enough can take you pretty far up the leaderboards.
I'm ranked #2 worldwide, but even then I still do this. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to maintain my rank.
My classmates have become increasingly stressed about studying for entrance exams this season.
Me? Well, instead of attending the exam prep classes, I'm leaning against the giant foot of Model-1 and labbing in KB.
Don't get me wrong, I'm a little stressed. A lot stressed, actually.
I'm definitely going to fail at this rate.
But compared to the mentality I had before summer break, I'm a bit more optimistic now.
Okay, maybe optimistic is the wrong word. It's more like I've given up.
Akiho: “...That's why the doctor's saying he needs to have surgery.”
Akiho's voice rings out from behind where I'm sitting.
She's been giving me the details of Doc's condition after hearing them from Mitchie.
All while crawling underneath Model-1, continuing her usual work on it.
She had said something about wanting to mess with the wiring.
Akiho: “But apparently, Doc is saying he doesn't want surgery.”
Akiho: “He's completely drained. He's saying that he doesn't even have the strength to go through with it.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
“I'll just chip at Model-1 bit by bit...”
Akiho's holding true to her words. Plus, Model-2's assembly still hasn't started yet, so she might just have a lot of time on her hands.
Akiho: “At this rate, we may hit the point of no return.”
Akiho: “Even the doctor's looking for anyone who can change Doc's mind.”
Kaito: “Ah, is that right.”
Akiho: “...You're not even listening, are you, Kai?”
Akiho crawls out from beneath the robot.
Still lying facedown on the ground, she looks up at me coldly.
I concede, stand up, and reach down for her.
Kaito: “I'm listening. Up you go.”
I take her hand and pull her out.
It's greasy with oil.
Kaito: “Really? I can't play KB like this... Why do you do this to me, Aki-chan?”
There's no running water at the airport, so this is gonna suck.
I left some wet wipes in the hangar for times like this. I wonder if there are any left...
Akiho: “A hand smeared with oil is a badge of honor! So says our resident genius, Senomiya Akiho!”
Kaito: “Yeah, yeah. Whatever you say.”
Akiho: “Aren't you worried about Doc, Kai?”
Kaito: “What's that got to do with my oily hands?”
I brush off the question and head inside the hangar.
Baby wipes, baby wipes, wherefore art thou, baby wipes?
I find some on top of the desk and begin to wipe my hand off...
...Paying special attention to the fingertips.
Since KB uses the touchscreen, the condition of my fingertips has a major effect on my performance.
Kaito: “Oh, a call.”
Kaito: “Hello?”
Mizuka: “This is about the Passion Accord.”
Oh, it's Mizuka-san.
I asked her to look into Doc for me.
Yeah, that's right. I once again choked down the culinary disaster that was the passion fruit bun.
Kaito: “I'm on my way. Be there in five.”
Mizuka: “Roger that.”
Akiho: “Who was that? Jun?”
Akiho comes walking into the hangar while drinking a Skal.
Kaito: “Nope. Why?”
Akiho: “Well, she hasn't shown up today either.”
Akiho: “And it doesn't look like she's at the hospital, so...”
Akiho: “She seemed really down in the dumps about Doc, you know? I'm worried about her.”
Kaito: “Okay, but why would she call me?”
Kaito: “Whatever. If I see her around, I'll let you know.”
Akiho: “Wait, where are you going?”
Kaito: “I'm off to Mizuka-san's shop real quick. You need anything?”
Akiho: “Oh, then get me another Skal♪”
She smiles and chugs down the rest of her drink.
When I arrive at the store, Junna is sitting on the bench out front.
She has a blank expression on her face and a bottle of mineral water in her hands.
When she notices me, her head uncomfortably lowers even further.
Kaito: “Fancy meeting you here, Jun-chan.”
Junna: “Um, yeah... Um...”
Junna: “I'm sorry for skipping club...”
Kaito: “There's nothing for you to be sorry about. I've been ditching a whole lot recently, myself.”
Kaito: “Funnily enough, before our headcount increased, I had perfect attendance.”
Junna: “...”
She clearly doesn't care.
Kaito: “Aki-chan is worried about you. You don't seem like yourself these days.”
Kaito: “Did you go see Doc?”
Junna shakes her head softly from side to side in response.
I guess she still hasn't seen him face-to-face yet.
Kaito: “Are you all sad because you can't work up the courage to go to the hospital?”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Kaito: “Don't worry. I get that it must be tough to reconcile with a relative you haven't talked to in 10 years.”
Junna: “...It's not like that.”
She smiles sadly and once again shakes her head, but this time, she's looking up.
Junna: “I do feel bad for Grandpa Fujita, but that's not what's been bothering me.”
Kaito: “So, is it related to what you tried to tell us at the Space Center?”
Junna: “...Yeah. Bingo...”
Junna stares lifelessly at the water rocking back and forth inside the bottle in her hand.
Junna: “Um... I've been thinking about... quitting the Robotics Club...”
Kaito: “Oh, so that's what this is about.”
Can't say I saw that coming.
Junna: “I've just been thinking...”
Junna: “I'm completely hollow...”
Junna: “...I can't do anything right.”
Junna: “Thoughts like that dragged me down further and further...”
Junna: “Hahh...”
This is pretty serious...
Well, that doesn't mean I can't try and lend a hand.
What I do know is that it'd be an issue if she quit the club.
Junna already has a role to fill in the Robotics Club, after all.
We're shorthanded and running out of time as it is.
If somebody dropped out now, it'd be a huge blow to Akiho.
Kaito: “Hmm... That's not good.”
Kaito: “Hey, if you're at all interested in hearing some info about Doc, you should come with me.”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Junna looks puzzled.
Not surprising.
Kaito: “Did you know that the best information broker to ever grace Tanegashima is right inside this store?”
Mizuka: “...Thanks for the kind words.”
Tanegashima's top information broker stares me down as I enter her shop.
Kaito: “So, why am I still getting the death stare, my ever-radiant Mizuka-san?”
Mizuka: “I was just reminded of how much you like to gossip, despite being a guy.”
Mizuka: “Keep your mouth shut, is what I'm saying. I've got a reputation to maintain.”
Kaito: “Sorry, it just slipped...”
Junna then enters the shop with a nervous look on her face.
Mizuka: “Welcome.”
Junna: “...”
Junna gave a quick bow.
Mizuka-san's gentle smile toward Junna is a complete 180 compared to her attitude toward me.
Kaito: “Anyway, Mizuka-san. You've got some info, right?”
I grab a bottle of Fruit Sour Melon from the beverage corner and place a couple of coins on the counter.
Kaito: “Stuff about the Forbidden Storage Space.”
Junna: “Eh?!”
That's right.
What I really want is info about the Forbidden Storage Space inside the Robot Clinic.
The very same place that Junna wandered into and experienced her trauma.
I only recently heard from Akiho that Mitchie also wandered in once, which is why he got banned from the store.
In regard to the timeline, Junna went in 11 years ago, and Mitchie 8 years ago.
Why is this place so important to me, you ask?
Because I have to switch on a robot in there in order to set a flag for Kimijima Report No. 4, that's why.
Mizuka: “When the Robot Clinic first opened 18 years ago, it wasn't the sketchy joint it is now.”
Oh yeah, it says “Since 2001” on the sign outside the clinic. 
18 years ago.
The same year that Junna and I were born.
Mizuka: “The store mostly dealt in robot toys, RC vehicles, and whatnot.”
Kaito: “You mean it was more of a toy store?”
Mizuka: “Sorta, but his products were a little too niche for a toy store.”
Mizuka: “Doc was a NASDA engineer, after all.”
Mizuka: “There were a lot of adults who came in regularly, with all of them into hobby robots and RC vehicles. They were all well aware of Doc's skills.”
Mizuka: “But he originally built the place for children.”
Mizuka: “He used to line his storefront with life-size robots.”
Life-size robots...!
Those must be the bots in the Forbidden Storage Space.
Mizuka: “Children from all over the island would visit the store on the weekends...”
Mizuka: “...And the robots would greet them with open arms. They even talked, too. Impressive, right?”
Mizuka: “I went there more than a few times myself.”
Mizuka: “The place really was packed with kids. They were all crazy about the robots.”
Mizuka: “What kid wouldn't be? The robots' eyes and mouths would light up, and they'd even respond when you talked to 'em.”
Mizuka: “For a child living in the sticks, these robots were the stuff of dreams.”
Junna: “...”
Kaito: “Were they advanced enough to babysit the kids?”
Mizuka: “Hah, of course not.”
Mizuka: “Some just stood there and spun their arms around while others pretended to play the trumpet or something.”
Mizuka: “They were all simple gimmicks for kids.”
Mizuka: “But from a child's perspective, isn't that more than enough?”
Mm, I guess so.
Kaito: “But I just can't imagine that stubborn old Doc running a store for children.”
Mizuka: “I couldn't believe it either, but then I remembered something.”
Mizuka: “When I visited the Robot Clinic back when I was a kid...”
Mizuka: “Doc had the biggest smile on his face while he watched us play with the robots.”
Doc... smiling...?!
Kaito: “...”
I try to picture it in my head, but it's literally impossible.
Mizuka: “Back in the day, Doc used to say...”
Mizuka: “‘Robots are the friends of mankind.’”
Junna: “Friends...”
Taken aback, Junna whispers the word.
Kaito: “Did Doc build all those robots himself?”
Mizuka: “Do you know who Dr. Aizawa Jiro is?”
Junna and I exchange glances.
Can't say I've ever heard of him.
Mizuka: “He was known as the Robot Doctor.”
Mizuka: “Who's the first person that comes to mind when someone says ‘Japanese robotics’? Kai, you're up.”
Kaito: “Uh, the manga artist...”
Mizuka: “Bzzzt. Wrong.”
I didn't even say their name yet.
Mizuka: “Next?”
Mizuka-san points at Junna.
Junna: “Um... Asimov...?”
Mizuka: “Bzzzt. Wrong again.”
Kaito: “Who's Asimov?”
Mizuka: “Isn't he a writer? You were on the right track, but I said Japanese, therefore bzzzt.”
Junna: “Oh, I meant, uh, the life-size robot.”
Mizuka: “O-Oh, that one?”
Mizuka: “Well, either way. Bzzzt.”
Mizuka-san lowers her shoulders in disappointment.
Mizuka: “Well, I'm not one to talk since I only found out about this yesterday.”
Mizuka: “Over half a century ago, Dr. Aizawa had been building robots.”
Mizuka: “They looked like some really old tin toys, but their charming moves and voices earned them the name ‘Aizawa Robots.’”
Mizuka: “You know the Osaka Expo in 1970? His robots were on display there.”
Huh... I had no idea.
Mizuka: “Apparently Doc was Dr. Aizawa's last apprentice.”
Mizuka: “When he was young, he would visit Dr. Aizawa's place uninvited and make the doctor teach him all sorts of things.”
Mizuka: “And when the Robot Clinic first opened, the robots that greeted the kids out front were modeled after Aizawa's.”
Mizuka: “There are nine of them in total. They currently are sitting in the Robot Clinic's storage room.”
Kaito: “Did those robots have names?”
Mizuka: “Names?”
Kaito: “Yeah, like human names.”
Kaito: “For example, Gojiro-kun. Does that name ring a bell?”
Mizuka: “Oh yeah, it does! They did have names like that. Gojiro, Gajiro, that sorta thing. I don't remember the details, though.”
Perfect. That pretty much confirms that Gojiro-kun is one of the robots in the Forbidden Storage Space.
Kaito: “Is there any way to identify them individually?”
Mizuka: “Hell if I know.”
Kaito: “Aw, c'mon. That's the important part!”
Mizuka: “Why don't you just ask Doc yourself?”
Kaito: “He'll probably get angry with me.”
I can sense that I shouldn't go there with Doc.
Mizuka: “Why are the names so important to you?”
Kaito: “Well, er, you know what they say! Names and natures often agree.”
Mizuka: “Kai, what are you up to?”
Kaito: “N-Nothing.”
I can't bring up the Kimijima Reports with Mizuka-san.
Ugh, can this be any more of a pain...?
Junna: “Um... May I?”
Junna hesitantly opens her mouth.
Junna: “Why did, um... why did Grandpa Fujita stop?”
Junna: “You know, running the store for kids...?”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san sighs and looks Junna straight in the eyes.
Mizuka: “You probably know more about that than any of us.”
Junna: “Eh? Me...?”
Mizuka: “Regardless of how it happened, there's no way he could just leave those robots outside after the accident.”
Junna: “Oh...”
Kaito: “Is this about when Jun-chan wandered into the Forbidden Storage Space and broke one of the robots?”
Is that really something you'd call an accident?
From what Junna told me, one of the robots broke, but...
Junna: “I see...”
Junna: “E-Excuse me.”
Junna bows abruptly,
and then exits the store.
Kaito: “What was up with that?”
Mizuka: “She told you herself, right?”
Kaito: “All I heard was that she wandered into the storage room, broke a robot, and Doc got mad at her.”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san stares at the automatic door that Junna exited from, a listless expression on her face.
Mizuka: “She got hurt really badly that day.”
I... had no idea.
Mizuka: “Word of the accident got around. If you were a parent, you wouldn't want your kid getting hurt, would you?”
Mizuka: “After that, the number of kids visiting the store plummeted.”
Mizuka: “And I think Doc... was thinking the same thing.”
Mizuka: “At the very least, he completely stopped doin' business with kids immediately after the accident.”
Kaito: “I see...”
What Doc told Mitchie...
Fujita: “But I was nothin' but conceited...”
All right then, what should my next move be?
For now, I give my thanks to Mizuka-san and exit the store.
I can see Junna trudging toward school.
After lightly jogging for a bit, I manage to catch up to her.
Kaito: “Jun-chan, I have a proposal for you.”
Junna: “Huh? Wh-What is it?”
Kaito: “Would you like to accompany me to the Robot Clinic's Forbidden Storage Space?”
Junna: “Wh-Whaaa...?”
Junna's eyes widen.
