Since we decided to repair Doc's robots, we first need to select which ones we're gonna fix up.
Considering Doc's condition, we don't have a lot of time.
Since time is of the essence, we obviously can't afford to fix all nine of them.
Kaito: “We're fixing Gojiro-kun.”
Upon making my suggestion, Akiho and Junna look at me, bewildered.
Akiho: “Which one's Gojiro-kun?”
Kaito: “I have no idea.”
Akiho: “But you know its name somehow?”
Kaito: “Er, yeah. I heard from Mizuka-san that out of the nine bots, Gojiro-kun was the most popular one with the kids.”
That's a total lie, of course.
Although they both don't seem to really buy my explanation, neither of them objects.
Which means they probably don't care which robot we fix.
The main problem is identifying Gojiro-kun.
And so, we send Junna inside the shop to search for info regarding Doc's robots.
Akiho and I take each robot out of storage to check whether there are any names written on them.
Of the nine robots, some have wheels for ease of movement, and some don't.
The former are fairly easy to move around.
Inevitably, we begin by checking the wheeled units first.
Akiho: “Kai, take a look at this.”
As I investigate a red robot that looks like it's sitting in a chair, I saw that its pedestal had wheels on the bottom, only for Akiho to call me right after.
There's a removable lid on the back where the very small wiring is stored.
All of these wires have been cut, as if someone took a pair of scissors to them and deliberately severed each cable individually.
Akiho: “I knew something wasn't right... These robots didn't break.”
Akiho: “They definitely didn't strike me as the type of delicate robots that'd break after a few years in storage, that's for sure.”
Akiho: “They were intentionally disabled...”
Kaito: “Doc killed these robots with his own two hands?”
Akiho: “Killed...? Don't say it like that...”
Kaito: “I'm not wrong, am I?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Why would he do something like this?”
Kaito: “Beats me.”
On the flip side, I've discovered a much more important truth.
I look at the lid I removed from the robot.
A plate was affixed to its back with the robot's name and date of birth neatly engraved onto it.
This red robot's name was SAKURO.
Sakuro? I wonder what kanji you'd use to write that.
Nevermind, it doesn't matter.
I've found a way to identify the bots.
All I have to do now is figure out which one of the remaining eight is GOJIRO.
