The Robot Clinic is as still as the grave.
But that's pretty normal.
I still can't believe that this place used to be filled with the cheerful voices of a bunch of kids.
Junna: “Listen to me... We should go back...”
Junna is glancing all over the place. She looks really uneasy.
Akiho: “Jun, at times like this, you just gotta bite the bullet and press onward.”
Akiho tries her best to encourage her.
After I told her what Mizuka-san told me, it's like a switch flipped in her head.
Akiho: “If we're gonna cheer up Doc, we've gotta revive his old robots!”
I'm really not sure that's our only option here.
But considering neither of us could come up with something better, why not?
I'm looking for an excuse to get into the Forbidden Storage Space anyway, so I piggyback off of Akiho's proposal.
Akiho: “It'll be too late if we don't hurry. Don't you want Doc to live a long life, Jun?”
Junna: “I do, but, um....”
Junna: “I don't think it's right to break in...”
Kaito: “We're not.”
I spin a set of keys around my finger.
Kaito: “These are the keys that Doc entrusted to your dad, right?”
Doc's spiraled so hard that he asked his son-in-law—Junna's dad—to dispose of any unnecessary goods at the Clinic.
And so, Akiho and I convinced Junna to borrow the keys from her dad.
Junna's a pushover, so that part was easy.
Junna: “I'm still, um... a little worried...”
Junna was reluctant about Akiho's proposal from the get-go.
Junna: “We can't just take the robots outside without permission...”
Akiho: “I only want Doc to feel better. That's all.”
Akiho: “For now, let's just take a look at what's going on in the storage room.”
But Junna slightly shakes her head.
She stands still, refusing to move forward.
Junna: “I'll, um... wait here...”
She's likely scared to even go inside.
She's even more pale than she was before.
I can even see her knees shaking, too.
Akiho: “Jun...”
Kaito: “Let's go, Aki-chan.”
I lead Akiho into the shop.
The Forbidden Storage Space isn't accessible unless we circle around the scrapyard behind the store.
We open the heavy sliding door that was shut tight with a padlock and head inside.
Since there wasn't a single window, no light shone into the place.
Akiho: Cough, cough...
Stepping one foot inside is enough to make the both of us cough up a storm.
We must've woken up some dust.
It makes you wonder how long this door has been shut for.
It's entirely possible that it hasn't been opened since Mitchie wandered in eight years ago.
Akiho: “Kai, look...”
With the door now open, a beam of light shoots through the storage space...
...Illuminating a series of robots lined up next to each other.
They stand there silently in the dark, not making a single move.
I can't quite make out how many of them there are in the darkness, but Mizuka-san said there should be nine.
Kaito: “Aki-chan. If I saw these robots late at night, I'd probably piss myself.”
I can definitely see how this place was traumatizing for a tiny Junna.
Anybody would be scared.
Akiho: “...”
But Akiho simply walks forward into the room, a sad expression on her face.
She gently touches the arm of the red robot standing in the very front.
Akiho: “It's covered in dust.”
Akiho: “It looks like it hasn't been touched in years...”
Kaito: “Supposedly, they used to talk and move around.”
Kaito: “I wonder if they still work?”
Akiho: “They should. They will. I want to believe that.”
Akiho: “Because Doc is the Robot Doctor.”
Akiho: “He'd never just abandon a broken robot. Never.”
Despite her words, all signs seem to point to this place having been sealed off for years and years.
It should be clear to anyone that Doc hasn't touched this place in forever.
Akiho: “Umm... Is there a power cord or something...?”
Akiho: “If we plug them in, they might move.”
Akiho searches around the red robot's feet and back behind it.
Kaito: “Does it have a power switch on it or anything? If it does, let me be the one to push it.”
Akiho: “Huh? Why?”
Kaito: “Doesn't matter. I just want to.”
This red guy right here might be Gojiro after all.
Akiho: “Hmmmm...? Hehe...”
Kaito: “What?”
Even in this dark room, I can tell that Akiho is grinning.
Akiho: “Could it be that you actually like these kinds of robots? You're like a little kid, Kai♪”
She's misunderstanding, but there's no point in trying to clear things up.
Since there are no lights in here, we brought flashlights from the store and use them to find the robot's power cord.
It's plugged into the wall. All preparations are complete.
The power switch is located inside a lid on the robot's back.
Kaito: “All right, I'm pressing it.”
Akiho: “Okay!”
I hit the switch.
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “...”
The red robot doesn't move an inch.
Kaito: “Is it broken?”
Akiho: “No...”
Akiho lowers her shoulders in disappointment.
Akiho: “Doc... You're the Robot Doctor... How could you...?”
We try to turn on the rest of the robots, but none of them so much as twitched.
Just to be sure, I check in with Airi, and she confirmed that I hadn't set the flag yet.
