Now that we've hit October, it's really starting to feel like autumn.
It's too chilly at night for short sleeves now.
And the wind is starting to get a little cold, too.
Subaru: “I see. So that's what happened.”
Akiho is telling the grand story about what happened between Junna and Doc, although she's really exaggerating it.
Subaru brushes her off, though.
Subaru: “However, the question still stands about whether or not we can continue to use the Clinic for the construction of Prototype Model-2.”
Subaru: “In a way, he owes you. Please make use of that to persuade him to help with Model-2's creation.”
I get that he's a realist and all, but geez, dude.
Akiho: “Man, do you feel anything at all, Subaru? I bet you're the type who outright refuses to cry while watching a sad movie.”
Subaru: “That is correct.”
Akiho: “Grr...!”
Akiho: “Alcyone, Electra, Maia—”
Subaru: “Sh-Shtawp that!”
Akiho has mastered the art of teasing Subaru lately.
She wears a satisfied grin on her face as she watches him squirm.
Subaru: “Ahem...”
Subaru: “More importantly, the design is basically complete. Upon arrival of the materials, we'll begin construction.”
Subaru: “We might have to start on mocap and programming work soon as well.”
Akiho: “...Oh, right. I forgot!”
Akiho turns to me.
Akiho: “When do you think Jun will come back to the Robotics Club?”
Why is she asking me?
Kaito: “She wasn't at club yesterday because she went to check up on Doc, right?”
Akiho: “Yeah. It's been 10 years. I'm sure they have a lot to catch up on.”
Akiho: “The problem is when she'll come back to the Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “We put her through a lot with this whole Robot Clinic thing...”
Kaito: “Who says she'll even come back in the first place?”
Akiho: “Huh?! What do you mean?!”
Kaito: “Didn't she submit her resignation?”
Akiho: “Ah...!”
Akiho: “I forgot...! What should we do?! I didn't accept it from her, but...!”
Akiho: “Aaaggh, I wanted Jun to really fall in love with robots more and more!”
Akiho: “I planned to raise her to be my rival, someone who would be my equal, someone who could discuss Gunvarrel properly with me!”
Er, “raise her?”
Not to mention, becoming Akiho's rival would require an absolutely absurd level of knowledge.
How many years is she planning on taking?
Akiho: “Plus... Jun's one of us.”
Akiho: “If she's going to worry about things on her own, I'd rather she come to us. We could toss and turn about it together!”
Akiho: “And then at the end of it all, we'd all go running off into the sunset!”
The sun isn't even close to setting.
Akiho: “Isn't that what friends are for?! Right, Kai, Subaru?!”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “...”
Needless to say, neither I nor Subaru can keep up with Akiho's absurdly high enthusiasm, so I just smile awkwardly.
Not that Akiho even cares about how we respond.
Akiho: “All right, with that settled, we're going over to see Jun. I'm gonna drag her worries right outta her!”
Akiho: “Actually, uh, I've never really consoled a friend about their problems or anything like that before. Hey Kai, how should I go about it?”
Kaito: “What, you really expect me to have an answer?”
I have even less friends than Akiho.
Akiho: “True. Hey, Subaru!”
Subaru: “I don't see the need to console anyone.”
Subaru coldly delivers his words and stands up.
Subaru: “I'll be going home for today.”
Akiho: “W-Wait a sec!”
Akiho: “Why are you treating this like it's someone else's problem?! Your upperclassman needs your help!”
Akiho: “‘That person’ once said...”
Akiho: “‘I can't stand idly by and ignore an ally in obvious trouble!’”
Akiho: “So let's figure this out together! President's orders!”
Subaru barely looks like he's listening, so Akiho goes chasing after him while shouting.
After seeing them off, I set up camp underneath my usual tree in the courtyard.
There's only one thing to do.
I boot up Kill-Ballad on my PokeCom.
She'll be back soon enough.
Then we'll move to the hangar.
How many matches can I get in before then?
I'm not sure how much time has passed since I started playing.
Suddenly, a shadow appears over my hands.
Junna: “What're you up to, Yashio-kun?”
I say nothing and tilt my PokeCom toward the source of the voice.
Junna: “Ah, you're playing a game...”
Junna: “You sure do love your video games.”
Once I win my match, I look up at her.
Junna wears a smile on her face as she peeks at my screen.
Kaito: “You aren't going to see Doc today?”
Junna: “Not today.”
Junna: “Grandpa Fujita had, um, a message for Akiho-chan.”
Kaito: “What is it?”
Junna: “Um...”
Junna: “‘When I get out of the hospital, the Robot Doctor is gonna be back in business. You'd better be ready.’”
Junna: “That was it.”
Junna: “Oh, and he also said...”
Junna: “‘The true Robo Doc is a rock 'n roll remodeler who's ready to rock.’”
Kaito: “...Sounds like Doc's gotten a second wind.”
And what does he mean by remodeler?
What happened to the whole ‘robots being mankind's friends’ thing?
I get the feeling things are about to get a whole lot more terrifying around here...
A chilly breeze rustles the leaves above my head.
Junna seems cold as she rubs her arms.
But she makes no attempt to leave.
Kaito: “So...”
Kaito: “...What about you?”
I shoot her the question, and she looks up at the sky. It's probably just me, but it almost looks like she's glowing.
Junna: “I, um... I want to change.”
Junna: “I want to learn more about my friends, and I want to like them. That's what I've decided.”
Junna: “There are lots of things I'll never know if all I do is wait for answers or do what others tell me to do.”
Junna: “Plus, I owe you and Akiho-chan. I'm going to repay that debt.”
That's her answer.
Sounds like there's nothing left to worry about.
Junna: “Yashio-kun. Thanks for giving me that photo.”
Kaito: “Did it help a little?”
Junna: “Yeah! A bunch!”
Junna: “Without that, I don't think I could've done anything.”
Junna: “So, thank you.”
Kaito: “You should thank Aki-chan. Our Madam President was worried about you and Doc the most out of all of us.”
Akiho: “Aaah! Juuun!”
Speak of the devil. She's back.
Looks like Subaru managed to escape.
As soon as Akiho spots Junna, she comes sprinting toward her as fast as she can.
Akiho: “Don't quit the Robotics Club!!!”
Junna: “Aaah!”
She jumps into Junna's chest and clings to her with every ounce of strength she has.
Akiho: “I won't let go until you say you won't quit! You can't make me!”
Junna: “U-Umm...”
Junna: “Akiho-chan, I...”
Junna: “I, um, don't know how to put this, but...”
Junna looks to me for help.
I put on a wry smile and shrug.
Kaito: “Tell her very clearly what you decided, Jun-chan.”
Kaito: “Give her some peace of mind.”
Junna: “O-Osu..!”
Junna nods as forcefully as she can...
...And faces the puzzled Akiho.
A warm smile forms on her face.
Junna: “I'm looking forward to working with you, President.”
