It's only about a 10 minute walk from the hospital to the Robot Clinic.
After Doc changed clothes, we headed up the long, straight slope of Highway 58.
The Robot Clinic is a ways down after turning the corner at the Hase intersection.
It's right on the border of Nakatane and Minamitane.
Its exterior looks like some sort of American bar or motel, and the gaudy neon sign illuminates the night with a sketchy glow.
I've thought this ever since I first saw it, but man-oh-man is this design unappealing.
We wheel Doc all the way to the store.
Once we reach the storefront, Doc seems to notice that something is different.
He leans forward with such force that he nearly tumbles out of his wheelchair.
Fujita: “Hey... Robotics Club... Wh-What the hell's the meaning of this...?!”
Without leaning back, he turns his head to glare at me and Akiho.
Kaito: “I thought I already told you. We tried to recreate the look of the Robot Clinic when it first opened.”
Akiho: “Robots are the friends of mankind, right Doc?”
There's a line of old robots out in front of the Clinic.
In the center, standing conspicuously, is the blue, square body of Yoshiro-kun.
Thick arms and legs, wide eyes, and a mouth bent into a smile.
The patrol lights of its eyes, mouth, ears, and chest are all lit up.
The arms move up and down at regular intervals.
Yoshiro-kun stands before us today as the fruit of Akiho's hard work.
The only thing she couldn't fix was the dent in the corner of the body.
And it's not just “him.”
While they're not moving like Yoshiro-kun is, the other eight robots are all lined up next to him.
Neighborhood children are crowded around them.
They're chattering away about how the robots are ugly, old, cute—you get the idea.
The kids are just speaking their minds, plain and simple.
They aren't holding back, either. The children are going nuts with the robots, leaving smudges and fingerprints all over them.
Mitchie and Mizuka-san went over to the elementary school and told the kids that they could see some old robots.
They were worried they wouldn't be able to get enough kids, but in the end, about twenty were interested enough to show up.
Mitchie, Mizuka-san, and the teachers are watching them. Seeing the kids smile is enough to make the adults smile too.
But Doc is different.
Fujita: “No...!”
Fujita: “You can't...!”
He finally stands up, staggering toward the children with a ghastly expression on his face.
Fujita: “Don't let the kids near those things!”
Fujita: “They'll hurt them...!”
Fujita: “You'll make the kids cry...!”
Fujita: “Robots are just robots, nothing more.”
Fujita: “No matter how much you care about them, they can never be your friends!”
Fujita: “They're just hunks of metal...”
Fujita: “They can't play with the kids...”
Fujita: “They do nothing but hurt them. They're not even fit to be toys.”
Fujita: “That's why they need to be locked away forever! Please... don't make them move anymore...”
Fujita: “Please, just stop it... Everyone go home... at once...”
As he sadly cries out...
Doc crumples to his knees, crestfallen.
The children all fall silent when they finally notice Doc.
Fujita: “I don't want to make children cry anymore.”
Fujita: “I don't want robots to be villains anymore.”
Fujita: “Everyone would be happier if kids and robots were kept apart.”
Akiho: “Doc...”
Could he be... I think he's crying.
In the end...
...That accident 11 years ago didn't just hurt Junna... No, it may have left Doc with far deeper wounds in his heart.
His remorse was so strong that he sealed away his belief that robots were the friends of mankind...
But...
We've still got one last chance to turn this around.
Isn't that right, Yoshiro-kun?
In the middle of this silence...
...A rusty, metallic sound begins to ring out.
Yoshiro-kun, its eyes and ears still lit up, begins to walk.
Its stride is a little unsteady, and as it moves down the gravel path, its whole body shakes.
Even so, it manages to adjust itself as it moves toward Doc, almost like it has a will all its own.
Fujita: “Yoshiro...”
Doc looks up at Yoshiro-kun, dumbfounded.
And as if to answer Doc...
Yoshiro-kun: “HELLO. MY NAME IS YOSHIRO.”
Yoshiro-kun greets him.
Fujita: “You...”
The robot comes to a slow stop right in front of Doc.
It can't move its head, so Yoshiro-kun can only continue to look off into the distance.
Yoshiro-kun: “I'M EVERYONE'S ROBOT FRIEND.”
But its words are clearly directed at Doc.
Yoshiro-kun: “HEY, LET'S SHAKE HANDS!”
As it calls to Doc, the lights in its eyes start blinking intensely. It moves its arms up and down.
It very clearly has a will of its own.
And it wants to shake hands with its creator.
Doc's frozen in place.
Yoshiro-kun: “HEY, LET'S SHAKE HANDS!”
His son encourages him with the same words.
And almost as though he's seeking a hand of salvation, a hand of forgiveness...
Doc extends his own hand.
His wrinkled hand comes into contact with the thick, blue robot hand.
I don't know why, but after seeing that, it feels like Yoshiro-kun looks happy even though its expression remains unchanged.
Yoshiro-kun: “NICE TO MEET YOU.”
Yoshiro-kun: “GRANDPA FUJITA!”
Fujita: “...!”
Fujita: “You... called... my name...”
Fujita: “How...?”
Akiho: “We breathed some new life into him, that's how!”
Akiho triumphantly explains.
Akiho: “You see, we programmed your son to say the same thing your granddaughter did in the past!”
Fujita: “My grand... daughter...?”
Doc suddenly starts to look around.
She's...
Junna is behind one of the robots. She's hiding in the shadow of Gojiro-kun.
She hesitantly, nervously, shows herself to Doc.
In her hand is a controller. Naturally, it's Yoshiro-kun's remote control.
Junna: “Nice to meet you...”
Her voice is so quiet that it feels like it could disappear at any moment.
She's still looking down.
But nevertheless, Junna stands next to Yoshiro-kun.
A clumsily made robot that's over two meters tall.
And a small, childlike, timid, yet tough 18-year-old girl.
Their extremes complement each other well.
Junna: “It's nice to meet you again... Grandpa Fujita.”
This time, Junna raises her hand steadily.
She looks Doc right in his eyes.
Just as Yoshiro-kun did before her.
She then extends her slender hand to him.
Fujita: “You... Do you... forgive me, Jun...?”
Junna: “You don't have to apologize. I'm the one who should be sorry...”
There are already tears in Junna's eyes.
The tips of her fingers are shaking as she extends her hand to Doc.
And yet, she wears a warm smile on her face.
Junna: “I'm so sorry, Grandpa...”
Junna: “Even now, I'm still a little scared, but... starting now, I want to like Yoshiro-kun and the others again...”
Junna: “I'm sure we can all be friends again.”
Junna: “And I want you to live to see that, Grandpa.”
Junna: “So, please...”
Junna: “Okay...?”
Fujita: “Jun...”
Fujita: “...”
Fujita: “Thank you... Thank you...”
Junna crouches down as Doc breaks into tears.
The two of them are holding each other's hands tightly.
Akiho: “All riiiight!”
The moment she sees the pair reconcile, Akiho runs over to them, completely failing to read the mood.
The kids who were watching in silence are freed from the tension and start playing with the robots again.
How's that for a turnabout?
Robots are the friends of mankind, huh?
It won't take long for this place to get noisy with the sounds of random kids—just like at Junna's house.
Maybe I'll check it out someday, I thought to myself.
And not just Yoshiro-kun.
I want to see the other eight robots, Gojiro-kun included, moving around again and greeting visitors.
And as long as the Robot Doctor stays in good health, I know that no matter what happens, I'll see it one day.
