The next day.
Akiho: “Kaiiiiii...”
After school, Akiho comes stumbling over to my desk.
Akiho: “Jun finally gave it to me...”
Kaito: “What'd she give you?”
Akiho: “Her letter of resignation.”
You can submit those online, but she apparently went out of her way to write it out on paper.
So, this is her way of being clear about her intentions, huh? How very Junna.
Akiho: “After what happened yesterday, I tried visiting her classroom a bunch of times since this morning, but...”
Akiho: “All she kept saying was that she was quitting...”
Akiho: “And then during lunch, Mitsui-san and Yamamoto-san were guarding her, so I could barely get even get a word in.”
Kaito: “Mitsui and Yamamoto?”
Akiho: “Jun's friends.”
Ah, that one tough-looking girl and the hothead.
Akiho: “Do you think they convinced her to quit?”
Akiho: “What should I do, Kai?”
Akiho: “I managed to escape without accepting her letter, but...”
Akiho: “At this rate, Jun will end up quitting the Robotics Club and hate robots more than ever!”
I lightly tap the dejected Akiho's shoulder.
Kaito: “Hey, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “What's up?”
Kaito: “I have some business to take care of today, so I'll be swinging by the Clinic a little later.”
Akiho: “Wha?! Why?! What business?!”
Kaito: “It's personal.”
Akiho: “You're not gonna try and convince Jun to change her mind?”
Kaito: “It's only been a day. Let's give her some space.”
Kaito: “I've got a good proverb for you.”
Kaito: “‘If pushing doesn't work, pull.’”
Akiho: “Did you just make that up?”
I flash her a smile and silently exit the classroom.
Akiho continues to whine behind me, but I head out as her complaints bounce off my back.
Kaito: “Let's see.”
I lean against my scooter and whip out my PokeCom.
That personal business is this.
Locating Kimijima Report No. 4.
After Junna left yesterday, I kept making adjustments to Gojiro-kun until I got him working.
I only managed to get his lights to turn on. His stamping function was long dead.
Even so, that was enough to set the flag according to Airi.
I've finally managed to set all of the Report No. 4 flags.
Which means the report's AR annotation should be visible somewhere.
It's taken me almost an entire month to get this far.
I've been through a whole lot.
Now I've just gotta find the damn thing.
Kaito: “Airi-chan.”
I wait until the students nearby leave, then call for Airi.
A moment later...
Airi: “I'm here!”
Airi cheerfully responds.
I immediately tap her forehead to summon Sister Centipede.
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede mode.”
Kaito: “Do you have any idea where Kimijima Report No. 4 might be?”
Sister Centipede: “Your best option is to determine its location via the placement of the flags.”
Sister Centipede: “There are three flags for No. 4 that might lead you to its location.”
Sister Centipede: “Flag No. 2. ‘Upload photos of rocket launches from four suggested viewing points on Tanegashima to ‘IRUO.’’”
Sister Centipede: “The four recommended spots were as follows:”
Sister Centipede: “Hasetenbo Park, Uchugaoka Park, Nanairozaka Viewing Platform, and the Takesaki Observatory.”
Sister Centipede: “Flag No. 3. ‘Activate Gojiro-kun, stored at the Robot Clinic.’”
Sister Centipede: “The Robot Clinic is located on the border of Nakatane and Minamitane, near the Hase crossing.”
Sister Centipede: “Flag No. 4. ‘Test-fire a geotagged matchlock gun at least once.’”
Sister Centipede: “There are several conservatories and historical displays in Tanegashima that display objects related to matchlocks.”
Kaito: “It's gonna take way too much time to check all of them.”
Kaito: “I want to narrow this down as much as possible.”
Sister Centipede: “If that's the case...”
Sister Centipede: “The Robot Clinic, Hasetenbo Park, Uchugaoka Park, Cape Kadokura, and the Tanegashima Space Center.”
Sister Centipede: “These locations should suffice.”
With that info, I'll just check out each place one by one until I find it.
Kaito: “Well then, shall we get this party started?”
I really hope the AR annotation'll show itself at one of these locations.
I guess I'll use deluoode map to pick out potential spots.
