Kaito: “Ugh, this is such a pain...”
Repairing Gojiro-kun proves to be more difficult than I anticipated.
While getting advice from Akiho, I'm trying to make the bare minimum repairs necessary to get it running again.
However, it still ends up taking me days just to figure out which wire is for the power.
Working in this ridiculously dark storeroom is hardly making things any easier.
To add insult to injury, Gojiro-kun has no wheels, so I can't get it outside easily.
I'll just have to manage on my own.
Airi: “Let's go Kaiii, let's go!”
Airi's been cheering for me since I started doing work here.
I wish I could be as carefree as her.
But no, here I am, killing myself over this stupid flag!
Regardless, all that's left is to solder one final wire onto the motor.
And if the motor itself is busted? Well, uh... I'm gonna choose not to think about that.
I continue working, using a flashlight as my only source of light.
And at last, the soldering job is complete.
When did I get so sweaty?
It's actually pretty nice outside these days, but this storage room is stuffy as hell.
Kaito: “All right. Done!”
Airi: “You're finished? That's amazing!”
Kaito: “Man, I've wasted way too much time on this...”
I'd have been doing nothing but grinding Kill-Ballad if it weren't for this flag.
Anyhow, that should do the trick.
It might not move perfectly, but it should at least power on.
Kaito: “Umm, where's the power cable?”
I search the floor with my hands.
Airi: “I dunno...”
Kaito: “I didn't expect you to.”
It's not long before I find the cable in question.
I grab it and plug it into a power strip.
I hold my breath and switch Gojiro-kun on.
Kaito: “...”
But it doesn't move a muscle.
Kaito: “What the? That's weird...”
I turn the power switch on and off and try disconnecting and reconnecting the power cable a couple times.
Kaito: “What's going on? That should've worked.”
At this point, I have no idea what the issue is.
I'm not skilled enough to be able to troubleshoot this sort of problem.
If this last ditch effort doesn't work, I'll just have to come back another day.
Crossing my fingers, I decide to take a look at the power strip itself.
The strip in question came from the Robot Clinic and has an extension cable about three meters long.
I was hoping that maybe the main power cable was just unplugged or something.
I stand up and start walking with my flashlight in hand.
Kaito: “Whoa!”
My foot catches on another robot.
I trip over it and fall over dramatically.
Kaito: “Ow... Cough, cough...”
Dust goes flying all over the place, causing me to cough up a storm.
I then look up to find one of Doc's robots about to topple on top of me.
I'd rather not get flattened—!
My body reacts fast, and I manage to brace myself and catch the robot before it topples over.
It's heavy, but not so heavy that I can't hold it up.
I grit my teeth as I return it to its standing position.
Kaito: “Phew... That spooked me...”
Airi: “Are you okay? Should I call for Akiho?”
Kaito: “Nah, I'm good.”
I take a seat to catch my breath, and as I lean back, my hands brush against something on the floor.
Kaito: “Hm?”
I pick it up.
It's absolutely covered in dust.
It seems to be a picture frame of some sort.
There's very clearly a photo inside of it.
Kaito: “What's this doing here?”
Did Doc drop this?
I blow off most of the dust and wipe off the rest so I can get a better look at the picture.
Kaito: “Wait, this is...”
Kaito: “Jun-chan...?”
???: “HEY, LET'S SHAKE...ANDS!”
That's when I hear an odd voice coming from outside.
A very robotic, monotone voice.
Did Akiho finish Yoshiro-kun's repairs?
I head out of the storage room, photo in hand.
Yoshiro-kun: “NICE TO...EET YOU!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan.”
Akiho is standing in front of the blue robot, wiping the sweat off her forehead in satisfaction.
Akiho: “What do you think, Kai? After swapping out the speaker part, he started talking!”
Its eyes, mouth, ears, and chest lights shine brightly as its thick arms swing up and down at regular intervals.
Yoshiro-kun: “H...LLO. MY ...AME IS YOSHIRO.”
Yoshiro-kun: “I'M... EVERY...'S RO... RIEND.”
Kaito: “Huh... It's actually talking.”
Kaito: “Just not all that well.”
Akiho: “Maybe the connections are a little imprecise, hehe... I'll look into them later.”
Yoshiro-kun: “HEY, LET'S SHAKE... ANDS!”
Akiho: “Gaze upon Yoshiro-kun in all of his radiant glory!”
Akiho: “Turns out his arms were still alive and kicking.”
Akiho: “They're pretty amazing, to be honest.”
Akiho: “They use gears to move, kinda like mechanical puppets.”
Yoshiro-kun: “NICE TO... EET YOU!”
Kaito: “Well, it's cute and all, but I can't say its moves are anything impressive.”
All it does is swing his arms up and down and say a couple words.
Akiho: “But I'm sure to the kids, he was a really good frie—”
Akiho: “Huh? Jun?”
I follow Akiho's gaze to find Junna standing in the distance, a shocked expression on her face.
Something's wrong.
She's staring at Yoshiro-kun, trembling.
Junna: “A... Ah...”
Junna: “It's him...”
What did she say?
Yoshiro-kun: “H...LLO. MY...AME IS YOSHIRO.”
Yoshiro-kun continues to speak with his distorted voice.
Junna's expression darkens and she curls up into a ball.
She starts shaking her head violently.
Junna: “That day... He's the one who fell on me...”
Junna: “He...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, shut it down. Now.”
Akiho: “Huh? Oh, umm, just a sec.”
Akiho is fumbling to try to open the back lid,
but because she's panicking, she can't quite get it open.
Yoshiro-kun: “I'M...UR FRIENDLY RO...T.”
Junna: “Stop!”
Junna uncharacteristically raises her voice.
Junna: “You're not my friend...!”
No, it's closer to a scream.
Kaito: “Jun-chan, take a deep breath—”
Yoshiro-kun: “HEY, LET'S SHAKE...ANDS!”
Junna: “Don't touch me...!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, hurry up and shut it down!”
Akiho: “I-I'm trying!”
Finally, Akiho manages to turn it off.
The light vanishes from Yoshiro-kun's eyes.
But...
By then, Junna is already sprinting toward the highway.
All we can do is watch.
Even if we tried to run after her, we'd probably collapse before we got even close. We stand no chance against a real athlete.
I sigh and glance down at the picture frame I picked up inside the storage room.
It's an old photo of Junna, Doc, and Yoshiro-kun standing next to each other happily.
