By the time we leave the Robot Clinic, the sun is long gone.
Despite how late it is, we find Junna waiting for us.
Not at the Clinic, mind you, but at the hospital—which was about a 10 minute walk from Doc's store.
She's waiting at the bus stop in front of the entrance, sitting alone on the bench.
Junna: “How'd it go?”
Kaito: “No good. The robots were broken.”
Junna: “I see...”
Akiho: “Man, this sucks...”
Akiho looked up at the third floor of the hospital where Doc is staying and began ruffling her hair with her hands.
She then faces Junna and I, breathing heavily through her nose.
Akiho: “Hey, I have a proposal.”
Akiho: “Why don't we try fixing those robots?”
Kaito: “Agreed.”
Akiho: “What the—?! I've never seen you be so assertive, Kai!”
Akiho: “Sniff... You've finally had a change of heart... I'm so proud...”
Kaito: “You don't have to cry about it...”
Akiho: “What about you, Jun? What do you think?”
Junna: “I...”
Kaito: “If we're going to repair them, Jun-chan should participate.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan is banned, and I'm just her chaperone. It'd be weird if the two of us started messing with his robots.”
Kaito: “But if we had an excuse, like Jun-chan being around, Doc probably wouldn't get nearly as upset.”
Akiho: “Please, Jun. I want to try and make Doc feel better. Think of it like a challenge.”
Akiho: “If we get in trouble for fixing them without his permission, I promise I'll take the heat for you.”
Junna: “Um, I...”
Junna: “I can't...”
Kaito: “All right, then how about a match?”
Junna: “Huh?”
Kaito: “If I win, you cooperate with Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “If you win, you don't have to help, and you're free to quit the Robotics Club, too.”
Akiho: “Wait, hold on. What do you mean by ‘Quit the Robotics Club???’”
Kaito: “Jun-chan apparently wants to do just that.”
Junna: “Y-Yashio-kun!”
Kaito: “What? Did you not want me to tell her? You do realize she's the president, right?”
Kaito: “If you want to quit the Robotics Club, you gotta tell Aki-chan first.”
Junna: “No, it's just, um, this is all so sudden. I wasn't ready...”
She freaks out over the weirdest things, I swear.
I know she's timid and all, but this indecisiveness of hers can be real grating sometimes.
Well, whatever. It's not my place to say anything.
It was probably a mistake to talk her into joining the Robotics Club in the first place.
Akiho: “...Hey, Jun?”
Akiho approaches Junna with a petulant look on her face.
Overwhelmed by Akiho's sudden vigor, she looks away apologetically.
Junna: “I, um, I'm sor—”
Akiho: “Did you come to like robots at least a little bit over the past two months you spent in the Robotics Club?”
Junna: “Huh? Um...”
Akiho firmly grasps Junna's hands.
Holding on tight, she looks straight into her eyes.
With nowhere to run, Junna is forced to meet her gaze straight on.
Akiho: “You said you were afraid of robots before. Were you able to overcome that fear?”
Junna: “Well...”
Junna: “...”
Junna weakly shakes her head from side to side.
Akiho: “Then I do not and will not approve of your resignation.”
Akiho: “I refuse to let you go until there's at least one thing you like about them!”
What insane logic.
She's completely disregarding Junna's feelings on the matter.
Oh well, I guess it makes things easier that way. 
Akiho: “Jun, let's fix Doc's robots together! Okay?!”
Akiho: “This is a direct order from the president!”
Junna: “Wh-Whaaaa...?”
The weak-willed Junna stands no chance against Akiho's one-sided demands.
