I get out of the car that Dad was driving...
...And swallow back my breath.
The last time I came here was...
11 years ago.
After hearing that Grandpa Fujita had collapsed, my family sent a taxi to take me from the Space Center to the hospital.
He hadn't regained consciousness yet, so there wasn't much I could do.
I had told my brothers to stay and watch the house.
Dad and I decided to come here to grab a change of clothes for Grandpa for the time being.
I watch Dad's back disappear into the shop while I stand in place, right where I got out of the car.
I can't move forward.
My knees are shaking.
My legs won't move.
I'm about to burst into tears.
My heart is hammering much faster than usual.
My back starts to uncomfortably sweat.
And then...
There's a suffocating pressure in my chest.
I tell myself to breathe deeply.
What were all these years of karate training for?
I focus on my navel center..
As long as I repeatedly take deep breaths, I can regain my cool.
Junna: “Hahh... Ungh...”
I can't do this...!
This can't be happening.
It's actually getting even harder for me to breathe.
It's as if I'm standing at the top of Mt. Miyanoura.
No matter how hard I try to breathe, the air doesn't fill my lungs.
Unable to bear it, I clutch my chest...
...And close my eyes in pain.
The events of 11 years ago all come flooding back to me.
Memories I'd been desperately trying to suppress for years.
But now...
It's like they're coiling around my consciousness...
I try to shake away the memories, but they refuse to leave me alone.
They spin around endlessly in my mind.
It was a hot, summer day.
I had just entered elementary school.
My teacher—Grandpa Daitoku—took me to visit the Robot Clinic.
I was exploring the shop all by myself.
And I wandered into that pitch-dark storage room.
To this day, I don't remember how I ended up in there.
I just remember that it was really quiet and hot inside.
There were lots of robots standing next to each other.
From younger me's perspective, they looked gigantic.
Their arms and legs were super thick.
Their eyes large and bulging.
They were completely still, but it seemed like they could start moving at any time.
It felt like they were all watching me with their big eyes.
But it wasn't my first time seeing these robots.
I'd been to the Robot Clinic tons of times, and I knew them all too well.
But seeing them sit silently in this dark room, they were like completely different robots.
I wanted to run out of the room, but before I knew it, I was lost deep inside the dark space. I couldn't find the exit.
I tried calling out Grandpa's name, over and over, with as big of a voice as I could muster—but no matter how loud I screamed, nobody came for me.
I wandered throughout the pitch-dark storage room, on the brink of tears, until I tripped over something and fell down hard.
I ended up crashing into a robot's foot.
And then...
Robot: “HELLO. MY NAME IS YOSHIRO.”
Robot: “I AM EVERYONE'S ROBOT FRIEND.”
The robot's eyes and mouth flashed eerily.
Robot: “HEY, LET'S SHAKE HANDS!”
Robot: “NICE TO MEET YOU!”
I was thrown into a panic by the suddenness of the voice.
I hastily tried to escape.
But that was my undoing.
When the robot toppled down on top of me, it was tremendously heavy.
I was only seven, so no matter how hard I tried, it wouldn't budge a single inch.
Robot: “HELLO. MY NAME IS YOSHIRO.”
The robot repeated itself endlessly in front of my eyes, its own eyes flashing as it painfully crushed me.
Junna: “Help... me...”
I could taste the blood rising from the back of my throat. I was crying violently, but the pressure on my chest kept my voice muffled.
Robot: “I AM EVERYONE'S ROBOT FRIEND.”
Junna: “Help me... Grand...pa...”
Robot: “NICE TO MEET YOU!”
Junna: “It's too heavy...”
Robot: “HELLO. MY NAME IS YOSHIRO.”
Junna: “Help...”
I honestly don't know how long I was stuck crying under the weight of the robot...
But in my mind, it felt like I was stuck for hours upon hours.
Nobody came to rescue me. I was alone with the robot that just kept repeating itself over and over again.
“You're not my friend!” I screamed inside my mind. Over and over again.
By the time a light shone into the room, and voices came with it, I had thought that no one was coming for me anymore, and I was about to give up completely.
In a hazy state, I recognized my Grandpa and some others as they burst into the room.
I don't know if I tried to call for help again.
The first thing I saw through my distorted, teary vision was...
...Grandpa Fujita's livid expression.
Fujita: “You idiot! What the hell were you thinking?! What have you done?! What have you...?!”
I haven't been to the clinic since then.
I couldn't.
I was too scared.
Scared of robots.
Scared of Grandpa Fujita.
Even though 11 years have passed, in the end, I still can't bring myself to step foot inside the Robot Clinic.
Trembling, I cower in the passenger's seat until Dad comes back with Grandpa's stuff.
