Akiho: “What?! You visited Doc yesterday?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Yep, sure did.”
He responds nonchalantly as he digs into his pork cutlet lunch.
I can't help but mutter the words of “that person,” forgetting that I'm in the faculty room.
Akiho: “‘He's very frank. I don't appreciate it.’”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen here, Little Senomiya.”
Mitsuhiko: “Even in this information-driven society, the speed of communication hasn't changed one bit. That's a pro tip.”
Akiho: “What's that supposed to mean...?”
Mitsuhiko: “You guys never bothered to tell me that Doc collapsed, did'ja?”
Mitsuhiko: “That's why I went yesterday. See? At the end of the day, this is a man-made disaster. Human error. Got it?”
I really don't.
Is he telling me he's sulking because he was left out?
That's ridiculous...
Akiho: “I didn't tell you on purpose, Mitchie.”
Akiho: “I mean, you're banned from the Robot Clinic, right?”
Two years ago, back when I first enrolled here,
Mitchie came on as a teacher at about the same time.
I joined the Robotics Club.
And Mitchie became its advisor.
It was then that the other members told Kai and I with pale expressions on their faces...
The Robotics Club Code of Conduct.
There's only one rule, and it's extremely clear.
Do not let Mitchie anywhere near the Robot Clinic.
Apparently, Doc and Mitchie are on hyper bad terms.
When Mitchie was the 1st-gen president of the club, he had a huge fight with Doc and got banned from the premises.
If we put those two face-to-face, the Robot Clinic would turn into a bloodbath.
Kai and I have tried so hard to follow the rules that had been laid down for us!
Akiho: “Don't tell me you took advantage of Doc's frail state to go and take your revenge or something?!”
Akiho: “You're such a jerk! I'm on Doc's side. Evil shall perish under the hand of justice!”
Mitsuhiko: “Hey, hey, slow down there. Er, well, you're not completely wrong.”
Mitsuhiko: “And you know what? Stop calling me Mitchie! How many times do I have to tell you?”
Akiho: “You call me Little Senomiya all the time, Mitchie.”
Mitsuhiko: “Whatever. Look, it's not my fault I got banned from the Robot Clinic.”
Akiho: “That's not what I heard.”
Akiho: “Didn't Doc get mad at you because you called the scrap that was stacked behind the clinic ‘Junk’?”
Mitsuhiko: “Whaaaaa?”
Mitchie rolls his eyes dramatically and stabs his rice-covered chopsticks at me.
Ew...
Mitsuhiko: “You better bring whoever's spreading that BS to me right now. I'll teach 'em a lesson.”
Akiho: “It's a tale that's been passed down for generations and generations of the Robotics Club.”
Mitsuhiko: “And I'm saying it's BS.”
Mitchie pops a sour plum in his mouth, an annoyed expression on his face.
Mitsuhiko: “Doc ain't the type of guy to get upset at calling junk what it is. That's a tip from me to you.”
Mitsuhiko: “The reason I got banned is because I happened to go into his Forbidden Storage Space.”
Akiho: “Wait, really?”
Isn't that where Jun wandered in and got lost when she was really young?
Akiho: “Were there a bunch of robots in there?”
Mitsuhiko: “Yeah. How do you put it... They were, hmm... old-fashioned. You know those old tin robot toys? They were like that.”
Mitsuhiko: “There were 10 of them lined up beside each other in that musty storage area, and they were all covered in dust.”
So it really is the same place that Jun got lost in.
Mitsuhiko: “It's not like I went in there on purpose, but Doc got pissed anyway. I've been banned ever since.”
Mitsuhiko: “I actually apologized over and over and explained that I didn't mean any harm, y'know?”
Mitsuhiko: “But the old man refused to give me the time of day.”
Mitsuhiko: “He's real damn stubborn.”
As Mitchie figuratively spits out his words, he literally spits out a plum seed.
At least cover your mouth for goodness' sake...
Akiho: “But it's true that you're on bad terms, right? Was it really a good idea for you to go see him, then? You didn't cause any trouble, did you?”
I can't resist bombarding him with questions. It's almost like I'm Mitchie's guardian or something.
Plus, I'm fairly annoyed that Mitchie got to see him when Jun and I didn't.
I mean, it's not like this is a competition, but still.
Mitsuhiko: “Hey, who do you think I am? I'm not some maniac who'd make a scene at a hospital.”
Mitsuhiko: “...I did kinda just barge into his room, though.”
Akiho: “Mitchie, seriously...?”
Akiho: “It makes total sense why he doesn't like you. If I were him, I'd hate you, too.”
Mitsuhiko: “Sometimes you need a little extra punch. That's a pro tip. Got it memorized?”
Akiho: “Yeah, no.”
Akiho: “Did you even have an actual conversation with him?”
Mitsuhiko: “Of course I did.”
Akiho: “Why do I find that hard to believe? All right then, what did you two talk about?”
Mitchie lets out a short sigh and looks off into the distance.
The distance of course being the final, drowning-in-sauce piece of pork cutlet.
Mitsuhiko: “He didn't yell at me once, even though this was our first time seeing each other in years.”
Mitsuhiko: “It was honestly pretty anticlimactic, if anything.”
Mitsuhiko: “The first thing he said when our eyes met was, ‘Oh, it's you.’”
Mitsuhiko: “I've never seen Doc look so weak before. I actually teared up a little bit.”
Well, he is sick.
He probably doesn't have the energy to yell.
Mitsuhiko: “So I said somethin' like, ‘Looks like we lost a real good one.’”
Akiho: “Are you serious...?”
That's not funny...
Mitsuhiko: “I figured he was gonna jump out of bed and choke me or something.”
Mitsuhiko: “But instead, the old man just kept looking out the window, completely silent.”
Mitsuhiko: “Then, he finally spoke up...”
Fujita: “I'm gonna close up shop. Now's the right time to do it...”
Mitsuhiko: “Whoa, hey now. You gotta be kidding me. You, of all people?”
Mitsuhiko: “Don't you remember what you said way back when?”
Mitsuhiko: “‘Robots are the friends of mankind. I want the Robot Clinic to not only be a place where you can fix your old friends, but somewhere you can make new ones as well.’”
Mitsuhiko: “Did you make that happen? How could you think of closin' up shop when you haven't done that yet?”
Fujita: “Robots are friends, eh?”
Fujita: “I once believed something like that... A long, long time ago.”
Fujita: “But I was nothin' but conceited...”
Akiho: “What...? He said that...?”
Robots are humanity's friends.
I never thought those words would ever come out of Doc's mouth. I never knew that was how he used to feel, either.
He's going to close the Robot Clinic?
Akiho: “Hey, Mitchie?”
Akiho: “What can I do to make Doc feel better?”
Mitsuhiko: “I haven't the slightest.”
He said, clicking his tongue.
Mitchie tosses the last piece of pork cutlet into his mouth.
Mitsuhiko: “Ugrgh!”
And he nearly chokes on it.
