It's September, and the new school semester is in full swing. The days of the Robotics Club focusing solely on robots are over.
Seems like Akiho and Subaru are hashing out the finer details of Model-2's design.
However, that leaves me, the operator, Junna, the sub-operator/mocap leader, and Frau, the programmer, with nothing to do, as per usual.
People online are still theorizing about Gunvarrel's final episode, but the commotion started to die down before it could turn into a huge social phenomenon.
Also, people are saying that based off the activity of the Sun, a solar storm on the level of the Crash of '15 is coming very soon.
They keep saying that, but it still hasn't come yet.
Naturally, the effects of the solar storm that hit western America are starting to be felt by other nations, but it hasn't gotten nearly as bad as the Crash of '15.
Aside from America getting bogged down by the riots, the other countries got away with only a few days of confusion.
In the end, the stuff written in the Kimijima Reports has been nothing but hyperbole and other BS. Looks like Kimijima Kou was nothing more than a conspiracy nutjob.
The police appear to be investigating the deaths of the KB cheaters, but there's been no progress on that end.
Because of that, despite all the unsolved mysteries scattered about, I can enjoy a few unexpected days of peace, quiet, and Kill-Ballad...
...Or so I had hoped.
For some reason, I find myself at the beach today.
Sumio: “Ready? I'm gonna light the fuse.”
Kaito: “Y-Yeah...”
I'm holding a gun pointing toward the ocean.
It's an old matchlock gun in mint condition.
The barrel is less than a meter long.
Supporting it on my left arm, I place my right index finger on the trigger.
The Space Candy president places a lit-up rope between the fire tongs (kinda like a firing hammer) of the gun.
The sound of the rope burning reaches my ears clearly.
Sumio: “You hafta hold it in closer! Otherwise, you'll get knocked out from the recoil.”
Kaito: “Yeah, but...”
At this point, I'm holding the gun so close that it's practically glued to my cheek...
If I hold it any closer, won't the sparks hit my face when the gun fires?!
I'm wearing some plastic safety goggles, but it's not enough to make me feel any less freaked out.
Sumio: “C'mon, shoot already!”
Graaah, fine, here goes nothing!
When I pull the trigger, the fire tongs strike against the flash pan and light the gunpowder.
The bullet explodes out of the barrel with a thunderous roar.
I can't withstand the recoil and end up falling on my ass.
Kaito: “Ugwah...”
The sharp smell of gunpowder stings my nostrils.
Sumio: “Gahahaha! Well?! How's that for impact?!”
Sumio: “But your shooting is lousy! With those weak hips, you wouldn't hit a fish in a barrel!”
Kaito: “This is definitely not for me, haha...”
I give the gun back to the president immediately after.
Sumio: “But I'm impressed—despite your age, you've taken an interest in matchlocks! How about shooting one while wearing a suit of armor at next year's gun festival?”
Kaito: “I-I'll pass.”
It's not that I have an interest in matchlocks or anything.
I'm only doing this because of the stupid flag for Kimijima Report No. 4.
One of the flags wanted me to fire a matchlock gun.
I figured it'd be impossible, but then I heard the president here was a member of the Gun Festival Promo Committee.
When I talked to him about it, he went out of his way to get permission from the police to let me shoot.
Our beloved Space Candy president is truly something else.
As for the gun, I never want to shoot it again for the rest of my life.
Kaito: “Airi-chan. Airi-chan, are you there?”
After stepping away from the president and the promo committee members who brought the gun, I stealthily summoned Airi.
Airi: “Hello♪”
Airi: “The weather tomorrow, September 15th, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, will have a 40% chance of precipi—”
Kaito: “Forget the weather report.”
Airi: “Okay...”
Kaito: “Check the Kimijima Report flags. Did I set the matchlock gun one?”
Airi: “Um... yes! You did it!”
Airi: “I was watching you, after all.”
Maybe Airi is the one checking to see if I've set the flags.
As I worked on each one, I began to suspect as much.
I think the reason I get cut some slack at times is because Airi—this odd but amazing little AI—is calling the shots.
In fact, there was this one flag...
“Upload photos of four different rocket launches from four suggested viewing points around Tanegashima to ‘IRUO.’”
Rather than taking the pictures myself, I uploaded some old photos somebody else took, and it still worked. Because of that, the flag went from impossible to easy.
But however lenient she was, whenever I asked Airi directly to fudge a few of the flags for me, she'd always tell me no with a sad look on her face.
I went to Frau to see if she could hack into Airi for me—maybe set all the flags or change her programming or something—but she said it'd be too difficult.
I guess I have to demonstrate at least a little bit of effort when trying to satisfy the flags.
As long as I do that much, she doesn't sweat the details. Ever since I figured that out, things've gotten a lot easier.
Airi: “Checking flags♪”
Airi: “The Kimijima Report No. 4 flags are as follows:”
Airi: “1. ‘Locate Kimijima Report No. 3.’ Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 1 has already been set♪’”
Airi: “2: ‘Upload photos of four different rocket launches from four suggested viewing points around Tanegashima to ‘IRUO.’’”
Airi: “Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 2 has already been set♪’”
Airi: “3. ‘Activate Gojiro-kun, stored at the Robot Clinic.’”
Airi: “4. ‘Test-fire a geotagged matchlock gun at least once.’”
Airi: “Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 4 has already been set♪’”
Airi: “That's all!”
All right. The matchlock flag is done.
All that's left is to push the activation switch on Gojiro-kun at the Robot Clinic.
I've made no progress on this one.
I've dropped by the Clinic at least three seperate times over the past couple weeks, but I get turned away every time thanks to Akiho's ban.
Dammit, Akiho... Way to make things difficult...
