I ride my scooter south down the highway.
Driving on such a wide road like this scares me a little.
Numerous cars zoom past me at really high speeds.
And I can't help but flinch whenever one does, praying they don't hit me.
Akiho-chan has me running an errand for her.
Our plan to fix Grandpa Fujita's robots isn't going according to plan, but we're still making progress.
Since yesterday, Akiho-chan's been testing the wiring to see if it's all connected properly.
I guess she's checking each wire one-by-one to make sure they're working using something called an electrical tester.
I had already finished my job, and since I didn't have anything to do, Akiho-chan sent me on a new mission for the day.
I'm heading to buy a speaker.
Since I'm terrified of robots and can't bring myself to go anywhere near them, I'm grateful she gave me a task I could actually handle.
Even now, my knees start shaking when I look at those robots.
I'm ashamed of myself, but no matter what I do, I just can't get over the memories of the accident...
I park my scooter in front of the Robot Clinic and take off my helmet.
Akiho: “Heeey, Juuun!”
Akiho-chan is waving at me from the storefront.
Akiho: “Did you get the goods?”
Junna: “Yeah... Um, I went to the home appliance store in Nishinoomote.”
Akiho: “Sorry for sending you that far out.”
I hand Akiho-chan the speaker in question.
I say speaker, but it's not the type you'd use to listen to music.
It's a unit, apparently.
Akiho: “Yoshiro-kun's speaker unit was completely removed, so the poor guy couldn't talk.”
Akiho: “If we install this replacement, then bam! Problem solved.”
Junna: “I-I... okay...”
I don't really want to hear about that very much...
My memories of the incident re-emerge, and I quickly shut my eyes.
Akiho: “Jun?”
Junna: “Ah! It's nothing...”
Junna: “Where's Yashio-kun?”
Akiho: “Storage room in the back.”
Akiho: “He's trying to repair Gojiro-kun. I wonder why he's so obsessed with that one robot?”
Junna: “Wh-Who knows...”
Akiho: “By the way, Jun. I have one more favor to ask, as president.”
Junna: “Huh? What is it? Another errand?”
Akiho: “Nope, not an errand.”
Akiho: “This is about after we fix Yoshiro-kun.”
Junna: “After...?”
Akiho: “The reason we're repairing Yoshiro-kun is so we can make Doc feel better, right?”
Akiho: “If we're gonna make that happen, we need to have Doc see Yoshiro-kun fully operational.”
Akiho: “That's also why I installed the remote control system into him.”
Akiho: “As for who the operator is gonna be...”
Akiho-chan looks straight into my eyes.
She's always like this...
She's looking straight into my soul... Those eyes of hers sparkle so brightly, like dazzling stars... And because of that, I...
In an attempt to escape her radiance, I look away...
Akiho: “Don't run away, Jun.”
With a squeeze, Akiho grips my hands tightly.
She always does this, too...
And just like that, my escape route has been blocked off.
That's not fair...
When she corners me like this, she knows I'm too weak to say no to her.
Even though I always tell myself “You need to tell her no...”
...I can't help worrying about what others might think of me when I speak. What if I refused and she hated me after that? What if she never wanted to talk to me again?
Akiho: “I want you to be the operator, Jun.”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “I know you're afraid of robots... But you're the only one who can do this.”
Akiho: “I want you to like robots!”
Junna: “B-But I can't...”
I shut my eyes tight and force Akiho-chan's hands off of mine.
Junna: “Ah...”
I can't believe I just did that...
She hates me now. She's going to kick me out of the group.
These thoughts keep me from saying another word.
Akiho-chan, on the other hand, looks surprised for a moment before she tearfully clings to me.
Akiho: “Jun, please...!”
Junna: “I-I can't... that's the only thing... I can't do...”
Junna: “I-I'm sorry... Um, I'll be in the shop, okay?”
I nearly rip myself out of Akiho-chan's grasp and rush inside the shop.
Junna: “Phew...”
Deep breaths.
My heart is pounding.
I said no...
I usually get swept up in whatever she says, but not this time!
I feel like I've grown, at least a little bit.
But that's just a lie.
I'm still running away... I haven't changed at all.
The shop is completely silent.
My ears begin to ring.
I feel like I'll hear Grandpa Fujita screaming at me at any moment.
I cover my ears to stop the deafening silence.
