Junna's house is a karate dojo located in Masuda.
It wasn't hard to find.
I park my scooter in front of her house and take a breather.
Why am I visiting Junna's house, you ask?
Well, I'm here on official orders from Madam President.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai? Do you think we can convince Jun to stay?”
Kaito: “Didn't she already go home for the day? She's probably relaxing at home by now.”
Akiho: “Aren't you worried? Every time I've tried to talk to her since yesterday, she's been really distant...”
Akiho: “At this rate, Jun is gonna quit before I even get the chance to talk it out with her!”
Akiho: “We have no choice but to go to her house. Once we get there, we'll convince her to change her mind.”
Akiho: “We don't have school tomorrow, so if it comes down to it, we'll stay overnight.”
Akiho: “What do you think? Sound good?!”
Kaito: “If you want me to tag along, you know the drill.”
Akiho: “That again?”
Akiho: “What am I saying? That's just who you are.”
I really need Akiho to realize that she's just not that great at talking it out.
She's always forcing her will onto others without listening to them. And she wonders why her and the VP don't get along.
In any case, I don't like wasting my precious time on other people's problems, even if that person is Junna. It's just not who I am.
That being said...
I think back on the photo I picked up in the storage room at the Clinic.
Kaito: “...You stay put, Aki-chan. I'll go talk to her.”
Akiho: “Wha? Are you gonna stay the night with her all alone?!”
Kaito: “No, no, nothing like that.”
Kaito: “I'm not sure if I can change her mind, but I do have something I have to give back to her.”
Kaito: “You do whatever. You still have adjustments to make on Yoshiro-kun, right?”
Akiho: “...Okay, fine. I leave Jun in your hands.”
Akiho: “Just promise me you'll bring her home! I'll be waiting!”
Kaito: “Didn't I tell you it's not like that?”
Akiho: “Come back in one piece! This is an order from the president. Got it?”
...No, I don't got it, but whatever.
And so, here we are now.
I can hear the shouts coming from the karate class going on inside Junna's house.
Wow, so her house really is a dojo.
I can tell that quite a few kids train here.
So, where is Junna?
Didn't she say she'd retired from karate?
I guess she was only talking about the Karate Club. I still see her practicing kata by herself fairly often.
In all likelihood, she's probably doing that in the dojo right now.
I take a peek inside.
The dojo's front door is open, so it doesn't take much effort to take a quick peek.
There are pairs of shoes strewn all over the place by the entrance.
All children-sized.
Stern Old Man: “That'll be all for today.”
I hear an old man's stern voice mixed in with that of the children's. That might be Junna's father.
This is followed by a lively “Thank you!” from the kids that echoed throughout the dojo.
I can tell from outside that things are getting noisy in there.
Is practice over?
I quietly take another look.
Kaito: “Ah...”
There she is.
She's wearing her gi. She must've been training with the kids.
Now that practice is over, she's surrounded by a bunch of them.
Karate Kid A: “Hey, Klutzy, how's my straight punch? I'm so much faster now, look! Psheeew! Psheeew!”
Junna: “Mikihiro-kun, how many times do I have to tell you not to call me ‘Klutzy’?”
Karate Kid B: “Hey Big Sis, can you make snacks for us again?”
Junna: “You're gaining too much weight these days, Takaki-kun. You'll have to stay away from sweets for a while, okay?”
Karate Girl A: “I think they call you Klutzy because of your face, Big Sis Junna. You don't look much older than me, so you're easy to bully.”
Junna: “Oh, is that so? That's a good observation, Emiko-chan. But I can't really do anything about my face...”
Karate Girl A: “See? You're always like that. That's why you're Klutzy! If you were more tougher, you wouldn't look all weak and we wouldn't tease you!”
Brown Belt Kid: “Stop talking to my sister like that, Emiko. You're just a white belt!”
Junna: “It's okay, Masa-chan. I don't mind.”
Karate Girl A: “But, but, I just want her to get even stronger at karate is all!”
Karate Girl B: “Emiko-chan said she wants Big Sis Junna to become her real actual sister.”
Brown Belt Kid: “Her sister? Nah, Big Sis is my Big Sis!”
Karate Kid A: “Who cares! Hey, Klutzy! Look at my straight to backhand combo! Swoosh! Gyawah!”
Junna is surrounded by a bunch of kids who are talking all at once.
At first, I thought she was being bullied by a bunch of grade schoolers who were calling her ‘Klutzy’...
...But that doesn't seem to be the case.
It's more like an affectionate nickname.
She's basically everyone's kind older sister.
Junna wears a somewhat strained smile on her face as she tries her best to listen to each and every one of the kids.
Her sincerity must be what gravitates them all to her.
Junna: “All right, everyone, time to get changed. You better head home soon or else your moms will get worried.”
Not only does she listen, but she also scolds the kids when she needs to. She's the responsible older student.
Junna skillfully corrals the chatty children into the changing rooms in the back.
It was then that she noticed me.
Junna: “Ah, Yashio-kun...”
Junna: “Um, uh, how long have you been there?”
Kaito: “Since practice ended.”
Junna: “I-I see.”
Junna starts fidgeting in embarrassment.
Junna: “Um... I wish you would've said something.”
Junna: “So, er... Are you here...”
Junna: “About the Robotics Club...?”
Kaito: “For the most part. And also Doc.”
Junna: “...”
She falls silent.
I get why she'd react like that.
I guess I'll just do what I came here to do and bounce.
As I reach into my pocket, the children come flooding from the changing rooms, ready to go home.
Karate Kid A: “Byeeeeee Klutzyyyyy!”
Karate Kid B: “Make me some snacks next time!”
Karate Girl B: “Hey, look! It's Junna's booooyfriend!”
Karate Kid A: “Whaddya mean boyfriend? Is it some kinda robot?”
Karate Girl A: “I won't let you have her! Junna is my Big Sis!”
Karate Girl B: “Emiko and Junna sitting in a tree♪”
The children jeer at us by the door without reservation.
I wasn't expecting to get teased by a bunch of grade school brats today.
Fortunately, the storm has passed... Or so I thought.
Black Belt Kid: “Hey, you.”
Three boys are standing in front of me, still in their gis.
The oldest one is probably a first year in junior high.
He's pretty tall, too. Almost my height.
He has a black belt wrapped around his waist.
The middle one looks about the same age as the brats from earlier.
He has a brown belt.
And next to him is a chubby little boy, probably a bit younger.
He has a white belt.
They all stand there with their hands on their hips, staring at me angrily.
Hm, they definitely look alike. Are they brothers?
And wait, they kinda resemble Junna—
Brown Belt Kid: “Get away from Big Sis, you worm!”
Brown Belt Kid: “Haiyah!”
Kaito: “Gwoagh?!”
He caught me completely off guard.
The kid in the middle walked right up to me and socked me straight in the gut.
I fall down on one knee from the sheer pain.
Junna: “H-Hey, Masa-chan! What do you think you're doing?!”
Junna: “Yashio-kun! Yashio-kun, are you okay?!”
Black Belt Kid: “Well done, Masa!”
Black Belt Kid: “Get lost, stupid boyfriend!”
Brown Belt Kid: “Get lost, worm!”
White Belt Kid: “Get lost, squirmy wormy worm!”
Junna: “All of you, apologize this instant! How could you do this to my friend?”
Black Belt Kid: “I mean, he's your boyfriend, right?”
Brown Belt Kid: “And boyfriends are worms!”
White Belt Kid: “Stop bullying our sister!”
Junna: “Uh, umm, he's not my boyfriend, and he's not bullying me!”
Kaito: “Whew... hah hah. Your brothers are like little warriors...”
I wanna go home.
I'm not gonna last long against these three brutes.
I'll get up, let his little punch slide with a warm smile, and then retreat ASAP... or at least that was my plan.
Stern Old Man: “Junna.”
Junna: “Dad...”
A ripped old man with a gorilla-like chest appears. He has a scar running from his forehead to his cheek.
The aura this guy gives off is extremely intimidating.
How can this guy be the father of the tiny woodland creature known as Junna?
Stern Old Man: “How many times must I tell you? I am your Assistant Instructor. When we are in the dojo, you will call me Master.”
Junna: “Oh, um, I'm sorry, Master.”
Stern-faced Master: “That boy over there. Is he your friend?”
Papa Gorilla's glares at me fiercely.
I hold in the pain from the punch to my stomach and bow my head.
Junna: “Um, he's Yashio-kun, from the Robotics Club...”
Stern-faced Master: “I see.”
What did I do to deserve being stared down by this monster of a dad?
Please don't tell me he's gonna call me a worm and beat me up too...
I want to do a 180 on the spot and sprint out of here. Right now.
Stern-faced Master: “He came all this way to see you. Invite him in.”
Stern-faced Master: “How about having dinner with us?”
Er, like I said earlier, I'd prefer to head home ASAP...
...But I don't dare say that out loud.
