...And so, not only did I end up meeting Junna's dad, I also ended up meeting her grandfather, the head instructor/Grandmaster.
Cut to me sitting here with the entire Daitoku family.
Given that I planned on heading home ASAP before, this is actual torture.
The Daitoku family is full of dudes.
You have the muscle monster that is Junna's dad, Daitoku Goh. My internal nickname for him is Papa Gorilla.
The bratty karate brothers are Toshi, the oldest, Masa, the second oldest, and Shin, the youngest.
Sitting at the front is the white-haired head of the Daitoku Karate Dojo, Kengo. His nickname? Grandpa Polar Bear.
Masa: “Sis, seconds please!”
Junna: “Masa-chan, how many times do I have to tell you to get your own seconds?”
Toshi: “Yeah! Stop being lazy, Masa.”
Masa: “Geez, stop acting all stuck up just cuz your boyfriend's visiting...”
Junna: “Masa-chan!”
Shin: “Woooorm!”
Junna: “Ugh... et tu, Shin-chan...?”
Goh: “Junna's boyfriend, you say? That's not something I can let slide.”
Papa Gorilla slams his bowl down on the table loudly.
Goh: “Yashio-kun, was it? Let's hear the details. Out with it.”
I can feel the thirst for blood all the way over here...!
He's gonna kill me! He's gonna snap my neck like a twig!
There'll be no blocking this...! The skill gap is too wide...!
Junna: “Dad, please don't scare Yashio-kun like that.”
Toshi: “Psh, Dad doesn't even have to do anything. I could kick his ass all by myself!”
The oldest of the brothers starts to shadow box.
Goh: “Don't get cocky, Toshi. Underestimate your opponent and you risk everything.”
Junna: “Toshi-chan, if you start a fight, I won't help you with your homework anymore.”
Toshi: “G-Geez, why are you taking your boyfriend's side...”
Goh: “Yashio-kun, answer my question. What are you to Junna?”
Kengo: “That's enough, Goh.”
Grandpa Polar Bear interjects.
Despite his age, he has a body of steel. Hell, he's even bigger than Papa Gorilla. He might as well be the final boss.
Kengo: “Can you not see that Yashiro-kun is terrified?”
It's actually Yashio, not Yashiro... but I don't dare correct him.
Goh: “My apologies, Yashiro-kun.”
Junna's dad bows deeply.
But...
Goh: “So...”
He then immediately leans toward me.
Goh: “Tell me, what are your intentions?”
Kaito: “A-About what?!”
Goh: “You're dating Junna, are you not? In that case, do you intend on inheriting the Daitoku Dojo as my son-in-law?”
Goh: “Do you?”
Goh: “Or do you not?”
Aieeeeeee!
I feel like I'm gonna piss myself under this intense pressure...!
Why does he even need a son-in-law to inherit the dojo when he has three talented sons?!
Junna: “C'mon, I already told you it's not like that!”
Junna: “If you don't stop joking around, I'm gonna get mad, Dad.”
Goh: “This is an important issue that affects the fate of our dojo!”
Kengo: “Enough, my son. Do not make me repeat myself.”
The old man quietly opens his mouth...
...And takes a sip of miso soup.
Kengo: “Leave the young ones to themselves.”
Kengo: “It is naught but foolishness for us older ones to interfere, Goh!”
Kengo: “It is the right of all younglings to enjoy a steamy adolescence...!”
Er, his cheeks are kinda red...
So he's just an old perv.
Goh: “But Grandmaster, the heir to the Daitoku school of martial arts must be strong.”
Goh: “‘Act with simplicity and fortitude to bring forth great virtue.’ That is the Daitoku family creed!”
Junna: “Daaad, don't spit all over the food!”
What year are we in again?
I feel like I got sucked into some old martial arts film.
I need Junna's help, fast.
She has to be more clear about where we stand.
Otherwise, I'm actually gonna end up getting adopted into her family.
Oh, and if possible, I'd like to get up and escape ASAP.
I signal to Junna with my eyes.
She notices me, but instead of answering my plea, she just smiles in response.
Junna: “Oh, Yashio-kun, um, do you want seconds? Eat as much as you want. I hope it tastes good.”
That's not what I'm trying to say!
I mean, yes, it's true that the table is covered in all sorts of amazing food.
Chicken salad, dried flying fish, boiled spinach, and even Okinawan cuisine like chanpuru and vinegared mozuku.
It's insane to think this family can down it all in one sitting, but what's also insane is that Junna made it all herself.
But to be perfectly honest, I'm too nervous to even try any of it.
This is no time to be eating dinner.
I've barely even touched my rice bowl.
Why would she think that I wanted seconds?
Kengo: “Yashiro-kun, was it?”
Nope. Still Yashio.
Kengo: “Please allow me to apologize for our rudeness.”
The old man bows his head.
Kengo: “However, my son's point still stands.”
Kengo: “Junna is but a single flower blooming in the Daitoku family garden. Thus...”
The old man's eyes explode open.
Kengo: “If you wish to take Junna's purity, you must demonstrate your strength right here and now!”
Junna: “Grandpa...! Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you saying?!”
Great. Even the old man is contributing to this insanity now.
How belligerent can these people be?
Junna: “Y-You guys are the worst! No dinner for any of you tomorrow!”
Goh: “What?! Don't say that...”
Kengo: “Hmm, Junna, perhaps I've gone too far... Please don't be upset...”
And just like that, they've all turned into spineless little boys in response to Junna's threat.
You know what? She might actually be the strongest person in this whole family.
Toshi: “I-I'm fine with skipping dinner!”
Toshi, the oldest brother, is still worked up.
He's pointing his chopsticks at me now. I'm his mortal enemy now, I guess.
Junna: “Toshi-chan! Don't point at people with your chopsticks! It's bad manners, and it's just plain rude!”
Toshi: “Sh-Shut it! I won't let you have my big sister! She's gonna be ours forever and ever!”
Masa: “Do it, Bro! Beat him up!”
Shin: “Yeaaaah!”
Haha, I get it now. These little punks love their big sister so much that they don't want anyone to take her from them.
They're just a bunch of little punks with sister complexes...
Kaito: “Fine, fine. I get the drift.”
Kaito: “How about this. I challenge you to a match, Toshi-kun.”
Kengo: “Hoh...! Yashiro-kun has agreed to a duel...?! Quite the backbone for someone his age!”
Junna: “Yashio-kun, you don't have to play along with this craziness...”
Kaito: “I don't mind. I like a good challenge.”
Kaito: “But I do have one condition.”
Toshi: “A condition? What is it?”
Kaito: “We'll settle this battle my way.”
I whip out my PokeCom with all the swagger I can muster.
Kaito: “We'll have our battle with this...!”
The Daitoku men fall silent in response to my declaration.
