Unfortunately, the robot I needed, Gojiro-kun, wasn't self-propelled. It was a yellow robot mounted firmly to a pedestal.
Its primary function is to apply stamps.
We had to remove it as a candidate for repair due to the frustrating reason that he'd be too difficult to carry outside.
In its place, we chose...
Yoshiro-kun.
Since the name plate only has Yoshiro's name written in Roman letters, I have no clue what the kanji are.
Akiho: “Quite the handsome man, huh?”
Kaito: “I'm beginning to doubt your aesthetic sense, Aki-chan.”
Yoshiro-kun has a blue body, and it's designed to stand upright.
Due to the wheels installed underneath its feet, everything below the ankles looks oddly gigantic, including the shoes.
It's about two meters tall.
The arms are very thick, but I'm pretty sure the only parts that move are the shoulder joints.
On the other hand, it's possible that his arms are just for decoration, just like the Robotics Club's beloved Model-1.
In the center of the chest is a patrol light, a callback to the hero that can only fight for three minutes before vanishing. Would it light up after three minutes passed?
The facial design is similar to the other eight robots, but each one has a slightly different expression.
Yoshiro-kun's wears a bright smile with a wide open mouth.
The eyes are large and bulge outward. Upon taking a closer look, the left eye's transparent cover was cracked.
It has a protruding triangular nose.
Patrol lights for ears.
And a horn resembling an antenna.
In the center of its eyes are miniature light bulbs with reflective mirrors—like the ones you'd find in a flashlight.
Inside the mouth were several LED lights lined up inside a transparent, plastic case.
The ears are made of yellow patrol lights.
This thing must be pretty lively when everything's up and running.
But I could see how it'd be creepy if it suddenly burst to life in the dark.
Kaito: “So, think we can fix it?”
Akiho: “I dunno...”
Akiho peers inside Yoshiro-kun's back.
There's a bunch of cords haphazardly jammed in there.
Akiho: “His cords have been cut, just like the others.”
Akiho: “But I don't see any other critical damage outside of that.”
Akiho: “Ah, the reason why his eye's cracked and he's a little dented is most likely because he fell over.”
Akiho: “So, as long as we rewire him, I think he'll be able to move again.”
Akiho: “But there are a whole lot of cords in here... They're all soldered on, so replacing them with new ones'll be a huge undertaking.”
Kaito: “Best of luck to you, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “You're helping too, Kai! Jun's up next after that.”
Speaking of Junna, she somehow managed to vanish before either of us could notice.
We had her looking for any documents that would help us identify the robots' names, but her and her scooter are nowhere to be found.
It must have been really painful to come here.
Or could it be that seeing the robots is far worse?
Either way, was it all right for her to have left the shop keys with us?
Akiho: “Oh, here's an idea! If possible, we might as well make it remote controlled.”
Kaito: “Whoa, whoa. You mean you want to modify it? I don't think Doc'd be real happy if you messed with it too much.”
Akiho: “We'll provide an options menu!”
Akiho: “It can be autonomous for the most part, but we'll also be able to switch it to an RC mode.”
Kaito: “Is that easy to do?”
Akiho: “Erm... Probably?”
Akiho: “It'll at least be much more painless than installing the Kill-Ballad control system!”
Akiho: “Moving forward, backward, turning, hand movements, lighting up the eyes and ears, and talking. We should be able to use an RC vehicle transmitter.”
Akiho: “The programming is fairly straightforward as well, so we shouldn't have to rely on Frau Bow either.”
Kaito: “Well, would you look at that. It's rare for you to be so reliable.”
Akiho: “Well excuuuuse me, Kai. I am the president of the Robotics Club, I'll have you know.”
Akiho: “And I'm the genius that modified TanegashiMachine 3, too!”
Akiho: “I picked up the basics from the older members over the last two years...”
Akiho: “...So I should be able to deal with a machine this simple... I think.”
Oh, boy.
Kaito: “Well, I'll leave Yoshiro-kun to you, then.”
Kaito: “And uh... could you fix up Gojiro-kun too while you're at it?”
Akiho: “Instead of Gojiro-kun, could we fix up someone else? Preferably someone self-propelled? What about Hidesaburo-kun? He's on wheels.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “Why are you so attached to Gojiro-kun?”
Kaito: “That's, uh... It's, um... Isn't it obvious...? It's because Gojiro-kun is the coolest robot of them all! Duh!”
Man... I'm going to have to get the thing up and running all by myself, aren't I...
