Sister Centipede: “Kimijima Report No. 4 obtained.”
Perfect.
I'll just go ahead and read it now.
There's no one to be found in this gigantic park.
Makes sense. It was a park built for watching rocket launches, after all.
It's way too big, and there are only a few pieces of playground equipment. Locals would never come here on a weekday.
I lie down on the grass and pull up the report on my PokeCom.
...What did I just read?
Kaito: “Is it just me, or is Kimijima Kou the type who just rambles on and on for an eternity? Would it kill him to get to the damn point?”
Sister Centipede: “Do you not like to read, Yashio-kun?”
Kaito: “I'm not a fan of reading or studying, so these reports have been especially demanding of me.”
There's no more info in here about the Exoskeleton Company.
That's honestly the only thing I cared about.
That said, there are a few things that I found interesting.
Kaito: “The possibility that the robot boom could've been the result of the Tavistock Institute's propaganda is quite intriguing.”
I mean, robots exploded in popularity over the last 10 years.
People like to say that the Gunvarrel anime was the trigger for it all, but...
Kaito: “Wait. Weren't there subliminal messages hidden in the last episode of Gunvarrel?”
Which means that Gunvarrel itself could've been a vehicle for propaganda.
But why?
To make Project Whatever a success?
How does that have anything to do with robots becoming more popular?
Just like the reports said, the whole robot rebellion schtick was fake news, so...
Kaito: “Any thoughts, Sister Centipede?”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede is not in a position to hold opinions on this matter. Thus, no comment.”
Kaito: “Well, great.”
This sucks...
Maybe I should give Frau a call.
The last time I saw her was back when the final episode leaked, which was about a month ago now.
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, tell me about the next report's flags.”
Sister Centipede: “Downloading unlock conditions (flags) to make Kimijima Report No. 5's AR annotation visible.”
Sister Centipede: “Download complete.”
Sister Centipede: “The flags for Report No. 5 are as follows:”
Sister Centipede: “1: ‘Locate Report No. 4.’ Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 1 has already been completed.’”
Sister Centipede: “2: ‘Run from Point A to Point B on the runway of the Old Tanegashima Airport in under five minutes.’”
Sister Centipede: “Please refer to the map for the specific locations of point A and point B.”
Kaito: “Please don't tell me it's from one end of the runway to the other. I'd actually die.”
Sister Centipede: “Your prediction is correct. You must run approximately 1,600 meters from one end of the runway to the other.”
Kaito: “Give me a break... Do you even know what my record was for the 1,500-meter run back in junior high?”
Kaito: “Over seven minutes. Seven. Minutes.”
I was literally second to last among my male peers.
Kaito: “There's no way I'm gonna shave two minutes off of that time.”
Plus, with my current health situation, I can't do intense exercise.
Sister Centipede: “Flag No. 3.”
Sister Centipede completely ignores my sincere excuse and continues with a blank expression on her face.
Sister Centipede: “‘Do a lap on the marathon track at Nakatane Central Athletic Park in under 60 seconds.’”
Kaito: “Wh-Whoa, whoa...”
What's the hell is up with this set?!
What kind of a hyper-meathead series of flags is this?!
Sister Centipede: “4: ‘Get a bullseye on a target at the Chuo Tanegashima High Kyudo Club dojo.’”
Sister Centipede: “That is all.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “This might actually be the most difficult series of flags to date.”
Kaito: “That whole typhoon thing seems like child's play in comparison. There's no way to make a comeback here. I'm done for.”
As usual, info regarding the next report—No. 6—is locked.
My motivation is declining at a staggering rate.
I don't even care anymore. Whatever happens, happens.
I sigh and gaze up at the clouds as I stretch my arms and legs across the grass.
