The TNSC has areas open to the public, but it also has restricted areas.
The large rocket launch site, in particular, has been off-limits to unauthorized personnel ever since the previous launch four years ago.
The restricted area is sectioned off behind an imposing gate.
There are security guards stationed nearby 24/7. If I tried to sneak in, I'd probably get arrested and sent straight to the cops.
The microbus we're riding in stops right in front of the gate.
As for why we're here this early on a Sunday? Akiho's orders. She made us get on this JAXA microbus, and we rode it straight to the site of the H-Ⅱ replica.
Our driver is the Chief of TNSC himself, who took his day off just to lend a hand. Talk about getting the VIP treatment.
The gate greets us immediately as we get off the bus.
We can make out about half of a mid-sized rocket launchpad up on a small hill right past the gate—one that was in use during the NASDA days.
Just as I begin to wonder why we've been brought so close to a restricted area...
...Mr. Senomiya parks the bus and guides us toward the white building to the left of the gate, heading in himself.
Akiho: “Everyoneeee! Over heeeree!”
Akiho waves the three of us (Frau isn't here, as usual) inside.
I suppress a yawn for the nth time.
Kaito: “Have you been here before, Subaru-kun? I actually have.”
Kaito: “Did you know that the Space Center has visitor tours every day? They've been doing it for more than a decade now.”
Kaito: “I went to one back when I was a tyke. This place is actually part of the tour. I've even been inside it before.”
The First Osaki Office. 
Despite being called an office, it was once used to build rockets. There's an actual piece of the previously used H-Ⅱ Rocket on display now—or at least, there's supposed to be.
Subaru: “Hmph, even I know that.”
Kaito: “So, you've been on the tour before?”
Subaru: “...Yes, I have. Do you have a problem with that?”
Kaito: “No, not at all.”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “Man, you're high-strung as ever...”
Subaru hurries ahead of me.
Kaito: “How about you, Jun-chan? You been here before?”
Junna: “Eh? I, uh...”
Junna shakes her head weakly.
Junna: “Um, I've never been all the way out here before...”
Huh, she looks pretty down...
Come to think of it, she doesn't seem like she's been having much fun at all recently.
Kaito: “Jun-chan, are you—”
Akiho: “Heeey! You two, get in here already!”
Akiho loudly calls out to us from the entrance to the building.
Oh, geez... Madam President is so impatient.
I give Junna a light push on the back, and we head inside together.
The second I step into the office, I gasp.
It's completely different from when I saw it on the field trip back when I was a kid.
The rockets, the engines, and all the stuff I thought'd be on display here had disappeared without a trace.
It's almost completely empty. There's so much space now...
The ceiling is insanely high as well, and there's a giant crane hanging from the top.
It's the type of crane that can move back and forth along a track.
Subaru: “A ceiling crane, huh? That'll make assembling Prototype Model-2 a lot easier.”
Akiho: “Exactly!”
Akiho stands in front of the three of us and puffs out her chest in triumph.
Akiho: “That's exactly why I asked Da... Er, Chief Senomiya to lend us the place!”
She didn't really need to correct herself...
Kaito: “Huh. So we can borrow... the entire building?”
I inquisitively turn to Mr. Senomiya, who gives me a warm smile and nods.
Ken'ichiro: “It took a little while for us to get permission, though.”
Ken'ichiro: “And of course, you can't go and use everything.”
Ken'ichiro: “Tennouji-kun should be returning next month, so as long as you have authorized supervision, there shouldn't be any problems.”
Akiho: “Aaall right, listen up!”
Akiho: “This is where we're gonna build GunBuild-2!”
Akiho: “This time, we get to work on him while he's in a standing position! Isn't that awesome?!”
Akiho: “Hrnngh! I'm getting so fired up...!”
Akiho is the only one excited.
Even Mr. Senomiya's smile is more like a grimace than anything.
Akiho: “Heeey, what's with this low energy?”
Akiho: “C'mon, aren't you feeling it? Aren't you feeling the crazy impulse bubbling inside you? This huge burst of energy?”
Kaito: “Well, it's not like Model-2 is done yet.”
Subaru: “It's too early to get excited.”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “Well, yeah, I guess you're right. Makes sense. I get what you're trying to say now...”
Akiho begins nodding her head in self-satisfaction for reasons I don't exactly understand.
Akiho: “You guys just can't envision GunBuild-2 standing there, can you?”
Akiho: “Of course you can't. A robot's life begins once it stands on firm soil, be it Gunbam or otherwise.”
Akiho: “...But rest assured!”
Akiho: “I've already prepared some spot-on concept art!”
Subaru: “Concept art...?”
Akiho: “If ‘that person’ saw it, I have no doubt that they would say:”
Akiho: “‘I see it, I can see the robot!’”
Akiho: “Everyone, boot up ‘IRUO.’!”
Kaito: “...?”
What's she going on about all of a sudden?
Akiho: “Only then will you see...”
Akiho: “Gunvarrel...!”
Is she saying that if I look through ‘IRUO.’, I'll see Gunvarrel?
Akiho: “Weeelll?”
Kaito: “Whoa, it's standing right in front of me!”
Subaru: “AR?”
Akiho: “Yup!”
Junna: “Ngh...”
Junna peers through her PokeCom, only to visibly flinch and step back. Even though she knows it's only AR, she seems to still be cowering at the gargantuan robot.
Akiho: “We reused Gunvarrel's model from Kill-Ballad. Your idea totally worked, Kai!”
I suppose I did suggest something like that during our initial planning meeting for Model-2.
By using AR, we can forego making it physically look like Gunvarrel.
Akiho: “Even though she complained while working on it, Frau Bow came through for us.”
Akiho: “The mechanism is simple. All I did was apply a special AR marker to where GunBuild-2 will be standing.”
Akiho: “This way, even if we're in the middle of construction, we can see the complete Gunvarrel whenever we want.”
Akiho: “Once GunBuild-2 is complete, I plan to have AR markers that'll sync with limb movement, but this'll do for now. ”
Akiho: “We'll have a good idea of how tall it'll be once it's finished, too.”
Akiho: “Its dimensions reflect the life-size dimensions. So, even though it's AR, it's set up to a height of around eight meters.”
Akiho: “If you're right under him, as long as you don't look up, you won't be able to see anything but his legs.”
Akiho: “Well? Has a heck of a presence, doesn't it?”
Ken'ichiro: “I'm quite impressed. What a fascinating idea.”
Subaru: “It does have some presence to it, but nothing else.”
Kaito: “That's pretty harsh, Subaru-kun.”
Akiho: “Right?”
Likely because she didn't receive the praise she was looking for, Akiho pouts.
Akiho: “You're always so stoic! Are you trying to act cool or something?”
Subaru: “I-I'm not twying to act cool!”
Kaito: “Okay, then are you nervous?”
Akiho: “It must be because we're so close to finishing the blueprints.”
Akiho: “Well, we've solved most of the issues we put on hold from our first meeting.”
Akiho: “And on top of that, Tennouji-san called to let us know that we should be getting some extra funding.”
Huh, really?
It's not like JAXA to be so generous.
I never felt like they expected that much from us. They must be overestimating us or something.
Irritated at Akiho's words, Subaru shakes his head from side to side.
Subaru: “Six months is not enough time to make a robot of that size. Even if we ignore that, we're still stuck in the design phase.”
Subaru: “We haven't even come up with a valid solution for the drive system, which has been an issue since the beginning.”
Akiho: “An electrically controlled motor or a hydraulic motor, right?”
Subaru: “Hydraulic would be ideal, but it'd be ridiculously expensive, and the circuit control alone would be impossible for an amateur.”
Subaru: “In order to complete it in six months, we'd have to get an expert in heavy machinery...”
Akiho: “Yeah... I already know all of that stuff.”
This issue was brought up during the meeting with Nae-san.
In other words, they've made no progress since then.
Akiho: “It's obvious that an electrically controlled motor won't have enough power or energy. Just look at GunBuild-1.”
Kaito: “Motor aside, have you decided on everything else?”
Akiho: “We have.”
Akiho: “Long story short, we decided on steel, mainly because it's cheap and durable. It's also easy to manufacture.”
Subaru: “The only drawback is its weight.”
Subaru: “And this is exactly why the drive system is so important.”
Kaito: “All right, and were you able to get Kona-chan to agree to do the programming?”
Akiho: “There's no one else who can. I'll keep chipping away at her till she gives.”
Soooo... that means it's still up in the air, doesn't it?
Is that gonna work out?
Subaru: “I can also program, more or less, but it'd undoubtedly take me more than six months.”
Kaito: “All right then, what about the control system and the power source? As far as I'm concerned, those are the most important parts.”
I glance over at Junna to check on her, but her expression is still downcast.
Subaru: “It'll be remote controlled.”
Excellent.
I do a mini fist pump.
At least I won't have to worry about dying again like I did with Model-1.
Akiho: “We'll be using a laser beam and batteries to power it.”
Ken'ichiro: “I know a manufacturer who sells laser power sources.”
Ken'ichiro: “I'm currently negotiating with him to see if we can get one of those ‘friendly discounts’ on one.”
Good work, Chief.
Akiho: “I think we can somehow manage to get our hands on some CFRP, too. It's gonna be pricey, though.”
Akiho: “Space Candy has agreed to continue our sponsorship, so we'll manage to stay within budget... I hope.”
Subaru: “The detailed design work, such as wiring, can be referenced from commercial hobby robots, so we can simplify that task a fair degree.”
Subaru: “Of course, the size and weight will be a lot larger, so it won't be a copy-paste operation.”
I see. So the only thing that's left to decide on is the drive system, huh?
Akiho: “If possible, I'd like to talk to Doc about the drive system.”
Akiho: “And also the mono...doobly...”
She still hasn't given up on trying to use the monopoles, huh...?
Incidentally, I haven't been able to tend to my job of adjusting the antenna—school's been keeping me busy in the mornings.
In other words, there's probably a bunch of monopoles all over the park by now. I still haven't found a valid solution to the issue.
It's only a matter of time before someone else finds out about them.
Akiho: “I'm banned from the Robot Clinic, but...”
Akiho: “What if Subaru and Jun went to go double team him?”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “By the way, Jun? You've been looking looking pretty down for a while now. Are you okay?”
Junna: “Huh...? Oh, um... yeah. Just...”
Junna hangs her head low and bites her lip.
Maybe there's something she can't say out loud.
Now that I think about it, she was trying to tell me something outside the building earlier.
She's been like this all day.
Is something bothering her?
Akiho: “What's up? If you have something to say, don't hesitate to tell me. Let it all out.”
Akiho: “C'mon, we're all Robotics Club members. We're a team, right?”
Junna: “...”
Junna lets out a soft sigh and timidly lifts her face.
She points an inquiring gaze at each of us.
Junna: “Um, I know this might not be the right time... or place for this, but, um...”
Junna: “I didn't know when to say it. So, uh, sorry, but I'll say it now, I guess...”
Akiho: “Wh-What's with all the apologizing? I uhh... okay, what is it?”
Junna: “I...”
Junna: “Want to qui—”
Someone's PokeCom begins to ring, cutting her off mid-sentence.
The sound echoes through the spacious room.
I glance at my PokeCom, but it's not coming from me.
Akiho, Subaru, and Mr. Senomiya all check their PokeComs, but...
Junna: “Oh, i-it's me... I'm sorry.”
Junna apologetically turns her back to us and answers the call.
Junna: “Hello? Oh, Grandpa. Yeah, I'm a little, um... No, I'm having an important talk with everyone right”
Junna: “Eh? What?”
Junna: “...”
Junna's face turns pale.
Junna: “What?! Really?! When?!”
Junna: “Oh, yeah, um, yeah. Okay. I'm okay. Yeah.”
She finally ends the call in a total daze.
Akiho: “Jun? Did something happen?”
Junna: “...”
Junna slowly turns back toward us.
Junna: “I, uh...”
Her face is completely devoid of emotion.
It's like her head is completely blank.
Junna: “Grandpa Fujita... collapsed.”
Everything freezes for a moment.
A heavy silence descends upon this large, empty room.
It takes a moment for us to realize who she was talking about. After all, we always just refer to him as...
Akiho: “Doc...?”
That's it. Doc.
