The aroma of disinfectant permeates throughout the hallway of the hospital.
A nurse's shoes clack against the ground as she hurries along ahead of us.
Akiho: “What are we supposed to do if we get killed?”
Akiho shoots me a rather disturbing question as she walks beside me.
Kaito: “You shouldn't say stuff like that inside a hospital.”
Akiho: “I'm not being literal!”
Akiho: “But knowing Doc, even though he's sick and all, he could probably still beat us up...”
Kaito: “You scared?”
Akiho: “...Hehe. Yeah.”
Kaito: “C'mon, Aki-chan. You're the only one in the Robotics Club whose on good terms with Doc.”
Akiho: “Good terms is maybe an overstatement. He yells at me all the time...”
We're finally ready to execute our plan to cheer up Doc today.
Which is why we're here at the hospital.
Doc's now accepting visitors, so people are free to come and go.
We stand in front of the door to his room.
Akiho pokes me in the shoulder.
Akiho: “Kai, you go in first.”
Kaito: “No, no. After you, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “But I'm banned from the Robot Clinic...”
Kaito: “Fiiine...”
With no other options, I prepare for the worst and knock on the door.
Fujita: “Who's there?”
I can hear Doc's dead response from the other side of the door.
Kaito: “Hello.”
Doc's lying on his bed.
He glances over at Akiho and I for a second and immediately looks back out the window.
Fujita: “Oh, it's just you punks...”
His voice lacks the usual oomph.
Akiho: “Doc, is it just me, or have you shrunk...?”
Whoa, whoa, Akiho, you can't say something like that! It's super rude!
Fujita: “...”
But Doc doesn't retort like he usually does.
If this was the Doc before he got ill, we'd have a wrench flying at us right about now.
That being said, Akiho's statement is fairly accurate.
The Doc laying in bed in his pajamas is far cry from the energetic old man who always yells at us over the counter at the Clinic.
He looks like he's aged several decades in just the last week.
Kaito: “You're looking pretty beat up, Doc.”
Fujita: “If you're just here to laugh at me, then leave...”
Akiho: “Are you going to have surgery?”
Fujita: “...”
He's probably been asked this question dozens of times by now.
Doc doesn't even try to answer.
He's made up his mind.
Kaito: “Well, we're not here to talk about anything serious today.”
Kaito: “There's something we want to show you, Doc.”
Kaito: “So, would you mind coming with us?”
Fujita: “What...?”
Doc looks at us suspiciously.
Fujita: “Hey, Escort, what do you think you're—”
Kaito: “I've already got permission from Dr. Saegusa to take you on a little outing.”
Kaito: “All you have to do is hop in the wheelchair. I'll take it from there.”
Fujita: “Where are you taking me...?”
Kaito: “To the Robot Clinic, of course.”
Upon hearing what I said, Doc looks away.
Fujita: “I'm closing up shop for good. I've already made my decision.”
Fujita: “It's not like I was turning a profit to begin with.”
Fujita: “Barely anyone ever came. Just folks comin' to complain about how the neon sign was ‘sketchy’ and I ‘should take it down’ and the like.”
Fujita: “At the end of the day, it was a store nobody wanted or needed.”
Fujita: “So, this is as good a time as any... Good riddance...”
Akiho: “Doc...!”
Akiho suddenly jumps in.
Doc's still in bed as she approaches him.
Akiho: “I know you don't mean that!”
Akiho: “You couldn't possibly have kept running the Clinic for 20 years if you really felt that way!”
Akiho: “You kept it open because you LOVED that store! YOU kept going because you loved that store!”
Akiho: “Even I can see that...!”
Akiho: “So don't say stuff like that, even if you're lying...”
Akiho: “Don't you dare say anything like that again...”
Akiho: “Without that store, I'd be so lonely...”
Fujita: “...”
Fujita: “Be that as it may, I ain't goin'.”
Fujita: “I don't know what you punks are scheming, but I ain't comin' with you.”
Stubborn old man.
Kaito: “Your robots are waiting for you.”
Doc's face turns pale in response to what I just said. We've got him now.
Fujita: “You can't... You went in there, didn't you?!”
Fujita: “I'm never taking them out ever again... I can't let that happen...!”
Fujita: “What did you do while I was here...?!”
Kaito: “Now, now. Take a chill pill. Wouldn't want your blood pressure getting in the way of our little adventure.”
Kaito: “To put it simply, all we're doing...”
Kaito: “...Is recreating how the Robot Clinic was when it first opened up.”
Fujita: “...!”
Fujita: “You... damned fools...!”
Kaito: “How about you go see with your own two eyes whether we're fools or not?”
Fujita: “Grr...”
Kaito: “Let's roll, Doc.”
I pull in the wheelchair I left outside of the room...
...And point at it.
I have a wicked grin on my face. I don't mind playing the bad cop.
Kaito: “Your move, Doc.”
After about three minutes of complete silence, Doc begrudgingly clicks his tongue and relents.
