By the time I leave Junna's house, it's already dark out.
Junna: “Um, Yashio-kun? I'm really sorry...”
Junna bows to me apologetically after coming to see me off.
Junna: “My family can be... a lot.”
Kaito: “It's fine. They got the message in the end, so I'm not worried about it.”
So, here's how it went down.
After challenging them at Kill-Ballad, the brothers totally fell in line.
As expected, the three of them all played KB, but at the end of the day, they're just kids.
Their eyes lit up after seeing the second best player in the world go to town. I had them calling me Master before I knew it.
The older men went on about lewd nonsense and the traditions of a martial arts family, but they went quiet once Junna scolded them.
Kaito: “At least they now know that I'm not your boyfriend, so all's well that ends well.”
Junna: “I'm so, so sorry...”
Kaito: “Hopefully next time I can relax and actually enjoy your cooking.”
Junna: “Ah, of course! You're welcome any time.”
Junna: “Plus, my brothers seem to really like you.”
Kaito: “To be honest, I was pretty surprised. You're totally different around your family.”
Junna: “Oh, uh, yeah. I guess.”
Junna: “Mom's not here anymore, so I'm the only woman in the house.”
Junna: “And as you saw, we're just a bunch of karate muscleheads. If I didn't handle the chores, we'd all fall apart.”
Junna: “So, I just naturally get like that when I'm at home...”
Junna: “I guess I'm a lion at home and a mouse abroad, huh? Eheheh.”
Kaito: “You've really got your stuff together, Jun-chan.”
Kaito: “You should be more like yourself at school and in club, too.”
Junna: “I-I can't do that...!”
Junna hurriedly shakes her head.
Junna: “I can only be that way because they're my family...”
Junna: “Normally... I'm always nervous...”
Man, I'd be exhausted if I were that way 24/7.
But if she says she can't do it, she can't do it.
Anyhow, time to cut to the chase.
I didn't come all the way here today to get to know the Daitoku family.
Kaito: “So, are you sure you're gonna quit the Robotics Club?”
Junna: “...Ah, um... yeah.”
Junna smiles lonesomely and hangs her head low.
Junna: “I just, um... I think you'll all be better off without me.”
Junna: “I want you guys to repair Yoshiro-kun and make Grandpa Fujita feel better.”
Kaito: “I still think Doc would be happiest if you came to cheer him up yourself, Jun-chan.”
She shakes her head in response.
Junna: “I just... I can't...”
Junna: “You saw me the other day, didn't you?”
Junna: “I'm still scared.”
Junna: “It's been years since the accident, so I thought I'd be over it by now, but...”
Junna: “I was a mess.”
Junna: “As soon as I heard that robot's voice, it all came flooding back. I was so scared that I started shaking uncontrollably...”
Even now, Junna looks like she's on the verge of tears. She hugs her arms close to her body.
Junna: “Plus, I don't think Grandpa Fujita wants to see me.”
Junna: “I'm the one that broke Yoshiro-kun.”
Junna: “He's probably still mad about that.”
Kaito: “You think? I think he'd be over it by now.”
Junna: “But he refused to see us when we went to visit him the other day.”
Junna: “And I've always avoided seeing him, too, so...”
Junna: “Grandpa probably thinks I'm an awful granddaughter. It'd be weird if he didn't.”
Kaito: “I think you're being a bit too hard on yourself, Jun-chan.”
Junna: “...”
Kaito: “By the way, I don't know if you heard this from Aki-chan, but...”
Kaito: “Yoshiro-kun was broken when we found him in storage, but that's because his cables had been cut deliberately.”
Junna: “Huh...?”
Kaito: “The body was dented and the eye was cracked, but a robot like that wouldn't stop working because of a little fall.”
Junna: “But who would snip his cables...?”
Kaito: “Doc, I suppose? All the other robots were like that too.”
Junna: “Why...?”
Kaito: “Who knows? Either way, Doc stopped putting the robots out in front of the store after the accident.”
Kaito: “Maybe he felt responsible for hurting his beloved granddaughter.”
Kaito: “And ever since then, he sealed away his own beliefs and disabled all the robots so that no one else would get hurt.”
Kaito: “...Or something like that.”
Junna: “His own beliefs...?”
Kaito: “You know, the whole robots are the friends of mankind thing?”
Junna: “...”
Junna: “Either way, it's still my fault...”
Junna: “If I hadn't snuck into his storage space way back then...”
Kaito: “I mean, you can play the tragic heroine all you want, but...”
I'm intentionally cold as I take the photo out from my bag.
I present it to Junna.
Junna: “...This photo...”
Kaito: “I found it on the floor in the storage room.”
Junna: “This is... me...”
Kaito: “How about you take a good long look at this picture and take some time to think.”
Junna: “...”
Kaito: “Welp, I'm out.”
I mount my scooter that I parked in front of Junna's house.
Kaito: “Thanks for dinner.”
Despite me calling out to her, Junna's stays perfectly still as she stares at the photo, dumbfounded.
