A lone dragonfly flies across the pale orange sky.
I stare mindlessly as the sky fades into the deep color of the sunset.
“Aah, I want to cry...” I consciously think to myself.
Back when I first visited the club, Yashio-kun recommended for me to try lying sprawled out on the runway, but I didn't really have the chance until now.
Summer vacation has ended, and here I am, alone at the airport. Something like this hasn't happened since I first joined the Robotics Club.
It feels almost like I have the entire airport to myself.
And so, the first thing I did was lie down on the runway, stretch myself out...
...And gaze up toward the sky.
Once again, I tell myself things like “I want to cry...” and “This is where I'll cry...”
But those heartrending feelings—the kind that are supposed to make your chest tighten up—never come to the surface.
No loneliness.
No happiness.
Not a single emotion.
My mind is completely blank.
Whenever I look at scenery like this, I don't get emotional, I don't feel any deep-seated emotions bubbling to the surface... I don't feel anything at all.
Perhaps all of these feelings were missing because, ever since I was little, I've been doing nothing but karate.
It's the same even now.
It's not like my emotions usually disappear like this.
After all, I've been crying almost nonstop since I joined the Robotics Club.
Things like “It's too scary!”
Or, “I can't do it!”
Or, “It's embarrassing!”
It's been hard...
Junna: Hahh...
A sigh escapes my lips.
Every member of the Robotics Club is hard to deal with in their own way, but I don't dislike them.
Still...
A gust of wind nearly flips up my skirt, so I force myself to sluggishly get up.
My eyes wander.
From the runway, the apron where the Robotics Club hangar is located appears a bit higher than usual.
But I can still see it, just barely.
Right next to the hangar, still sprawled out on the ground and covered with a sheet, is the super huge Model-1-kun.
The disappointment of a robot that was retired after he failed to produce results.
He reminds me of myself.
I think back on when our sponsor's president made me the pilot of Model-1-kun.
I cried and refused and cried some more, and in the end, I didn't pilot him.
The reason I said no...
...Was because I was scared.
It was because of the fear of a robot much bigger than me.
Fujita: “You idiot! What the hell were you thinking?!What have you done?! What have you...?!”
...Fear.
Unlike Akiho, I can't love robots, but I ended up staying in the Robotics Club anyway.
...No, it's not that I can't love them.
It's that I can't get over my fear, even after I spent all of summer break trying to.
I still think that robots are terrifying.
I joined the Robotics Club as a casual replacement for karate...
But robots... the Robotics Club... they can't replace karate for me.
Karate kept me going because, no matter how weak I was, I still loved doing it.
But the Robotics Club...
Junna: “Is it okay for me to be here?”
