Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Ah...”
Kaito: “Goddammit! I had them! What kind of cheating was that?! Cheap as hell!”
Kaito: “I'm legit trying to win, and this ass is cheating like it's no big deal. How about I cheat too?!”
I lose concentration as I vent at my PokeCom.
I grind my teeth.
My fingertips are shaking a little.
I don't know how long it's been since I started challenging Takasob.
I've been playing him non-stop, but because the windows in the room are all closed up, my sense of time is busted.
I check the clock and see that it's 2:00 a.m.
Whew, wasn't expecting that. Guess I'm skipping school tomorrow.
Kaito: “Not a single win after playing for 12 hours non-stop...”
This has never happened before, and quite frankly, it's embarrassing.
Exactly how many consecutive losses am I at now?
I've never experienced anything like this.
I'm going to go mad.
I exhausted every bit of my FG skill and knowledge I have in order to break his guard, but I just can't win.
Takasob has no openings.
He never misinputs, nor do mind games work on him.
No matter how much I back him into a corner, he never panics and makes a mistake. If I try to keep my distance...
He slowly chips away my health. Get too close, and he returns fire with his inhuman reaction speeds.
My only real option is to trade hits with him.
So, I always get super close to winning. One step away.
But that one step feels impossibly far.
It feels like I'm getting the upper hand, but I just can't seal the deal.
The thing I hate about Takasob is that when he's getting low on HP, he really puts those cheats to work.
He strings together actions to combo in a way that should never work.
His high-speed sniping attack has no startup animation, so it takes only 1 frame to come out.
Plus, the move has a one frame recovery time too, which means he can fire one shot every two frames. Nowhere to run.
If it was a human, shooting once every 2 frames would be strictly theoretical. No human player could make inputs with that speed and precision.
But my opponent is a cheating CPU. It has no physical limitations. Hell, it even has perfect aim.
Once activated, there's nowhere to run.
Continuously guarding just makes me open to chip damage and eventually death.
No matter how much life I take away from him, he always finishes the round like this.
What should I do...?
I have no other cards to deal.
I hold my head and click my tongue.
What can I do...? What are my options...?
Think. Come up with something...
No matter how much I struggle to find an answer, my mind draws blanks.
Me, of all people, can't figure out a way to put him down!
Frau: “I-I also gave it a few shots...”
Frau is staring at her computer screen as she speaks to me.
Frau has decided to find the person who framed her.
Frau: “No one can beat that thing. That's just common sense.”
Frau: “A-And if we try to use cheats, it seems to bug out.”
Kaito: “Bug out?”
She went on another tangent, dropping computer terms everywhere. I couldn't understand any of it, so I just ignored it.
What I could tell is that I can't cheat my way out of this.
I have to fight fair.
But...
After fighting it for 12 hours without a single victory, it makes me wonder if I can even beat him.
Seems as though I have to take drastic measures to take this cheating SOB down.
Drastic measures...
There is one way.
A way I personally don't want to rely on.
But if I use it... it'll be like I'm cheating even though I'm technically not.
And I'll be able to react to Takasob's ult.
Kaito: “...”
I really don't want to use it.
I despise it with every fiber of my being. I wish it just went away.
But...
I also feel just as strongly about putting down this shitty CPU.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, has anything changed in Tokyo?”
Frau: “P-Power is being restored in some areas, but it's not back to normal yet.”
Frau: “Some people have started posting to Twipo and @channel again.”
Frau: “And thanks to them, the RI server takeover is becoming the number one trending topic in all of net history.”
Frau: “I-If we don't hurry, the cops might come...”
Can't be surprised. Frau's identity and location are both common knowledge. It'd make sense for the cops to show up.
Kaito: “What does the perp hope to gain from making a bunch of bots go wacky?”
Kaito: “They even went out of their way to frame you. Why?”
Frau: “I-I dunno...”
Kaito: “...”
Or could someone be warning us not to get involved any further with the Kimijima Reports?
Misaki: “Forget the Kimijima Reports.You mustn't search for them anymore.”
It's entirely possible.
Everything written in the Kimijima Reports is coming true.
I need to assume that everything he wrote is legit.
Project Mars...
If this is what's occurring in Tokyo right now, then Project Atum might also be underway, in parallel.
Kaito: “I have to do what I can...”
As someone who has collected all the reports up until now.
Frau: “Wh-What can you do?”
Kaito: “There's a way to defeat Takasob.”
Frau: “Huh?”
Kaito: “I'll use Slo-mo.”
As horrible as my attacks are, they can also be weaponized.
It was that very same attack that saved our butts during ROBO-ONE.
As they are deathly painful, I really don't want to use them, but relying on them is my only option right now.
Frau: “B-But didn't you say you can't use them on command?”
Kaito: “I did. And I can't.”
Kaito: “But we have access to Takasob for 24 hours straight. I should be able to trigger one.”
Kaito: “I basically just have to torture myself.”
Because of these attacks of mine, I have to avoid vigorous exercise of any kind.
In other words, strenuous physical activity and exhaustion often result in me getting an attack.
Kaito: “Anyhow, I'm gonna go for a quick jog outside.”
From here on out, no sleeping until the bomb goes off.
No eating or drinking, either.
This way, I can corner myself into an intentional attack.
Frau: “Why...?”
Frau looks at me, dumbfounded.
Frau: “Why a-are you doing all of this?”
Frau: “You told me these attacks were painful.”
Frau: “A-Are you doing th-this for me?”
Kaito: “I want to win.”
Since it sounds like she's misunderstanding things, I explain to her as clearly as I can.
Kaito: “This isn't for you, Kona-chan.”
Frau: “T-Tsundere...?”
Kaito: “Not even. Kona-chan, you handle your own issues.”
Kaito: “I just wanna take down this piece of shit CPU.”
Kaito: “I'm putting my pride as second best in the world on the line.”
Kaito: “If I can't beat this guy, I'm not going to be able to sleep at night when I become the very best.”
Frau: “Y-You're a true FG maniac, you know that?”
Frau: “Th-This is the part where you're supposed to say 'of course this is all for you.' That's just common sense.”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “B-But I like it this way...”
Frau says with a smile on her face for some reason.
