Kaito: “...”
Frau: “...”
I'm wrapped up in a blanket.
Frau is in her usual camisole and short shorts.
Frau: “Achooo!”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “Sniff.”
Kaito: “I'm the one who wants to sneeze.”
Frau: “M-My bad...”
Kaito: “Here, drink this.”
I hand Frau a mug full of hot corn soup.
She already had one, but she said she wanted seconds, so I made some more.
Frau obediently takes it and puts it up to her lips.
Frau: “Ow, that's hot...”
Kaito: “Well, duh.”
She already made the same mistake on the first cup.
Maybe she just can't handle hot things.
I take a sip of my own soup.
I can feel my body warming up from the inside.
It's been about one hour since I discovered Frau in the bathroom.
I ended up ditching afternoon classes.
This shut-in actually filled her tub with the intention of slitting her wrists and dying.
But since she hadn't eaten for several days, she had no strength. Nor did she have the courage to actually do it.
Sitting in the tub hesitating, her body temp dropped, leaving her incapable of exiting the tub on her own.
She probably would've died if I hadn't stumbled across her.
It took a lot to drag her out of there. Plus, she was totally nude, so I didn't even know where to look.
Granted, in that situation, the last thing on my mind was Frau's body. Plus, she ain't got nothing on Nae-san.
That said, going forward, it might be a wee bit difficult to talk to her face-to-face after remembering this.
Anyway, I wiped Frau dry, wrapped her in some blankets, turned up the heat, and made corn soup to warm her up.
All of this hard work has paid off as the color is returning to Frau's face. I had her put some clothes on earlier.
Some dudes from the security company I called came after I took Frau out of the bathroom. Try explaining this to them.
My own clothes are currently drying. Frau offered to lend me a shirt, but our sizes are totally different.
And so here I am, walking around her place wrapped up in a blanket.
Kaito: “So? How about spilling the beans?”
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “What's up with those tweeps?”
Frau's still hanging her head.
She's just staring into her mug of corn soup.
Kaito: “In particular, I want to hear all about you taking over some robots or whatever.”
Kaito: “As far as I can tell, there's actually a robot insurrection going down in Tokyo right now.”
Frau: “I-It wasn't me!”
Frau: “I've been framed... Someone took over my Twipo account...”
Kaito: “You mean they hacked it or something?”
I'm not exactly computer savvy, so I just toss the idea out there.
Frau: “I-I don't know...”
Frau: “I checked for viruses and stuff, but there were no hits...”
Frau: “How did this happen...?”
Frau: “Urp...”
Frau covers her mouth.
She seems like she might throw up.
I find it hard to believe that this young lady is a terrorist.
At the very least, it doesn't look like she's lying to me.
Still...
A robot insurrection?
The Kimijima Reports were on the mark again.
Terrorism taking advantage of the chaos caused by the arrival of a large-scale solar storm.
That's exactly what's going down in Tokyo.
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, are you there?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
When I call out, Airi—Sister Centipede—promptly appears, but...
For some reason, she's facing the wrong direction.
Kaito: “What are you looking at?”
Sister Centipede: “Since we're indoors, I am currently unable to see you, Yashio-san.”
Ah, that's right.
To be fair, it doesn't really matter to Airi or Sister Centipede if they can see the inside of this room or not.
Kaito: “So, that robot insurrection in Tokyo... Do you have any info that points to the Committee of 300 being involved?”
Sister Centipede: “I'm collecting information, but due to the lack of online users in Kanto after the blackouts, info volume has fallen to 20%.”
Sister Centipede: “Collected information is currently under analysis, so I'm unable to answer your request at present.”
Kaito: “Ah, I see.”
Good grief. She really is inflexible.
Kaito: “That's fine. You can go now.”
Sister Centipede: “Excuse me.”
Kaito: “So, that's the dealio, Kona-chan. How much do you know?”
Things are going nuts on the net right now, but I only know the general beats.
Frau: “Th-There are blackouts all over Tokyo. Power still hasn't been restored in full.”
Kaito: “Even I know that. They keep saying they don't know when things'll be back to normal.”
The fact that they don't know speaks to how serious the situation is.
Though apparently some areas have in fact gotten power back already.
Either way, the solar storm did a real number on things.
People are currently pretty sympathetic toward the whole situation, but that won't last forever.
With Tokyo effectively shut down, Japan's economy is all but dead.
And then there's what Akiho said this morning.
Akiho: “At this rate, next year's Expo could be canceled...”
Is that really what she should be concerned about right now?
But I do get it. For those of us living on Tanegashima, the things happening in Tokyo seem like a distant dream.
Kaito: “Enough about the blackouts. I want to hear about the insurrection.”
Frau: “You know the RI Company, right?”
Kaito: “RI...”
Frau taps away at her PC keyboard and opens up what seems to be a robot company's homepage.
Frau: “It's sh-short for Roboratory Industry Company.”
Frau: “The RI Company is third in Japan when it comes to market share of s-service robots.”
Frau: “Their sales are e-especially strong in big cities.”
Frau: “The RI Company's robots are known as the RIICH Series. They're service robots that specialize in guidance.”
Frau: “Y-You always see them at police boxes or walking around the c-city.”
Kaito: “Ah, I remember seeing one the last time I was in Tokyo.”
I spotted one from a distance when I was in Odaiba, but I didn't have the chance to talk to it.
But when Mitchie brought us to our hotel in Akihabara on the second night, I saw a bunch strolling around.
We passed about three robots while walking down the street over a period of five minutes.
Frau: “The robot OS on RI Company's servers apparently got hacked into...”
Kaito: “Doesn't that mean you'd be able to do whatever you want with all the robots?”
Frau: “Only with RI Company robots.”
Frau: “It w-wouldn't work for the other makers. Over their dead bodies.”
Kaito: “But aren't the RI Company's robots readily available for purchase?”
Kaito: “That means they could be all over the place.”
Kaito: “So, if you take over the server, does that mean you can give orders to all their robots? And what's a robot OS?”
Frau: “The RI Company's RIICH Series uses cloud computing to unify data between all of their robots.”
Frau: “You get what that means.”
Kaito: “Actually, I don't.”
Kaito: “The cloud... That's the thing that lets you share data across a network, right?”
Frau nods.
She then taps away at her keyboard again, this time bringing up a page that explains the RIICH Series.
Frau: “The RIICH Series stores their OS and memory on the network. They're effectively always online.”
Frau: “This allows hundreds or thousands of robots to share each other's data. It optimizes them.”
Frau: “Th-They totally lose their individual quirks, so there's zero difference between the services they offer.”
Frau: “They share info in real time, so this is apparently the best system for RIICH Series units specializing in guidance.”
Frau: “Any bugs in a robot can be crushed immediately, so it reduces labor costs for maintenance.”
Frau: “B-But that always made people uneasy in terms of security.”
And they were right to feel uneasy.
If a single location manages all the data, just take control of that location and you have access to all the robots.
Frau: “Apparently the RI insiders can't shut down the server, either.”
Frau: “They could shut it down, but the server room is locked electronically. And with these blackouts, well...”
Frau: “So, then you might ask, if the server room systems are down, wouldn't that mean the server is down too?”
Frau: “Nope. It has a dedicated power generator in case of blackouts. P-People on @channel say it could run for three days.”
I get it.
Kaito: “And everyone's acting like you're the perp.”
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “But isn't it weird that people are so willing to believe you just because you supposedly confessed on Twipo?”
Kaito: “Aren't people online usually more suspicious of things like that?”
Kaito: “Even if the robots are actually freaking out, wouldn't they figure out pretty quickly that you didn't do it?”
Frau: “Not necessarily.”
Frau: “The RI server is currently inaccessible from the o-outside.”
Frau: “Th-That's due to a lock that the perp put on it.”
Kaito: “A lock?”
Frau: “You'll understand once you see it.”
Frau taps on her keyboard and opens a certain page.
The source code is displayed, but I have no clue what any of it means.
Frau: “This is the server with the RIICH Series data on it.”
Frau: “It's totally open, so anyone can get in.”
Kaito: “I thought you said it was locked?”
I assumed there'd at least be a page asking for a PW or something.
But nope.
Frau: “A-All right, now I'm going to try and enter the OS section where I can force the robots to do my bidding.”
Frau taps the keyboard again. And then...
The monitor goes black. A moment later, something appears on screen.
Kaito: “Kill-Ballad?!”
Frau: “Uu...rp.”
Frau's face goes pale again, and she places her hands on her mouth.
She starts dry heaving over and over again.
Frau: “Hahh... Hahh...”
Frau: “S-Someone used Kill-Ballad as a lock.”
Frau: “I won't let them get away with this... Mark my words...”
Kaito: “What do you mean by used? How is it being used?”
Frau: “The version of Kill Ballad being u-used as the lock only allows for CPU battles.”
Frau: “And the opponent is the same every time.”
Frau: “A-According to the person who took over my account, beating the CPU in a match will r-release the lock.”
Kaito: “Huh.”
All right, after hearing all of this, I can see how people suspect Frau, especially after her tweeps.
Frau: “Sniff.”
Frau: “Because of the scumbag that did all this...”
Frau: “Because of them, Gunvarrel's being defiled...”
Frau: “I-I don't care if Koujiro Frau or Kill-Ballad gets made fun of. I don't give a-a shit...”
Frau: “But how dare they drag Gunvarrel and Mama into this. How... dare they...”
Frau's shoulders sadly slump down.
Her eyes are wet.
Frau's the type to clown around using all kinds of old slang, so I've never seen her so despondent before.
Frau: “All that I have left of Mama is Gunvarrel.”
Frau: “I don't want it to be defiled anymore.”
Frau: “And yet... I totally let myself get used...”
Frau: “What should I do...?”
After “Frau” announced herself to the world, she had everything about her looked into and spread on the net.
Furugoori Kona's real name, photos, her relationship to Gunvarrel's director, Kogoori Minami. All of it.
Kogoori Minami's hidden message had only just been unearthed, and so this just added fuel to the fire. And so...
People theorized that Kogoori Minami was the true mastermind, and her message was an advance notice of her evil deeds.
Considering how knee-deep in conspiracy theory BS I am, if I didn't know Frau, I very well might've been just like them.
Kaito: “...”
I gently rub Frau's back as she cries.
I'm not really doing it to console her or anything.
I just don't know what to say to her.
But...
Kaito: “I just have to win a single match, right?”
Frau: “Huh?”
Kaito: “And my opponent is the CPU? Psh, no biggie.”
Kaito: “Sounds to me like an easy win. I'm surprised nobody's beaten me to the punch.”
Frau: “...”
Frau knows how good I am.
Hell, I'm the second best in the whole damn world. I'm one step away from the top.
And yet she didn't even try to ask me for help, instead choosing to end her own life.
It's way too soon to give up.
Kaito: “I accept their challenge.”
Don't get me wrong. I'm not underestimating my opponent. But at the end of the day, they're just a CPU.
Once I figure out its patterns, it'll be easier to handle than an actual person.
Kaito: “I'm the perfect guy for this job.”
Frau: “Yashio-senpai...”
Frau stares at me, her eyes wide open. She then begins to cry again.
She grasps onto me.
Kaito: “Wh-Whoa, hey now...”
Frau: “S-Senpai, I'm counting on you...”
Frau: “I-If you win, I'll lick your collarbone as much as you want...”
Kaito: “Er, thanks?”
I'll take a hard pass on that. Anyhow, let's get this party started.
I paste the URL into my PokeCom browser and head straight for the locked page.
Kill-Ballad immediately boots up.
Geez, straight to the pre-battle menu too.
Visually, it's no different from regular KB.
And as always, I go with Gunvarrel.
My opponent is... Sneijder? A long range character that specializes in sniping.
This bastard gave me a helluva time during our cheater hunt.
It's then that I'm hit with déjà vu.
Kaito: “Wait, this CPU has an actual account name?”
Frau: “Th-That's a first.”
And then there's the name itself.
Huh.
It's not particularly strange.
But...
Even though the match is about to begin, I can't take my eyes off of the CPU's account name.
TAKASONOBLEE_2019
That's the account name attached to the CPU.
What's with this déjà vu?
Have I fought this thing before?
That can't be, they're a CPU.
So have I seen it somewhere?
Why is this name so familiar...?
The lightbulb in my head turns on.
Kaito: “The cheaters.”
Frau: “Wha...?”
Kaito: “Takanoai, Hanasono, Bob Lee...”
Kaito: “This account name includes elements of all three cheaters' names.”
Frau: “You're right...”
Could the person who took over the RI Company servers have something to do with the three dead cheaters?!
Or did they just cobble this account name together based off of the three players who were on top for so long?
I don't know, but it's unsettling either way.
Kaito: “I figured this'd be an easy win, but maybe I spoke too soon.”
Despite all the attention this thing is gathering, not a single person has beat it. Is this the reason why?
As soon as the match begins, I get my answer.
Kaito: “...”
It was over before it even started.
Me, of all people.
Second best in the world, and I didn't stand a goddamn chance.
Frau: “Senpai...”
Kaito: “Ahah, I got my ass handed to me...”
Kaito: “What the hell kind of balancing is this? This game is total trash. What the hell.”
Kaito: “You gotta be kidding me!”
Kaito: “Whew...”
Kaito: “I don't think there's anyone in the world who could face this thing and win.”
Even Tagirin probably couldn't.
Whoever set up this lock put an absurd CPU together to prevent anyone from getting in.
Kaito: “Plus, this is no ordinary CPU.”
Kaito: “It felt a lot like I was fighting the other cheaters.”
Frau: “Wh-What exactly do you mean...?”
Kaito: “Remember how I said the account name was a fusion of the three cheaters' names?”
Kaito: “Its tactics also feel like a fusion of their playstyles.”
The way it's able to snipe me at range with pinpoint accuracy even between the buildings.
The way it's able to counter my close range attacks with superhuman speed. On a character that's disadvantageous at that range.
And then there's the awful lag attacks that Hanasono utilized.
It's almost like the three cheaters have possessed this thing.
It's both kinda nostalgic and disgusting all at once.
Kaito: “I can tell from the way it felt in battle...”
Kaito: “This thing is the same as those cheaters.”
Kaito: “Or you could say the reverse...”
Kaito: “Maybe those three cheaters were actually CPU opponents.”
Kaito: “The actual people died months ago, but if their online characters were just CPU controlled, they could continue.”
Frau: “Th-That'd explain why the cheat tool didn't detect anything...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “I never asked, but what ended up happening with those murders?”
Frau: “N-No further information.”
Frau: “ChuChu Yasumasa told me that the police won't even respond when asked about it.”
Kaito: “It's possible that the person who used those cheater accounts and the one who hacked the servers are the same.”
Kaito: “They've gotta be someone who knows KB super well.”
Kaito: “Well, not that it matters to me.”
Frau: “S-Senpai, is that your attempt at acting tsundere...?”
Kaito: “Nope. I really don't care.”
This is Frau's problem.
It's not something I can solve or fix.
Kaito: “But still...”
Kaito: “As someone who's trying to be the best in the world at KB, I can't let this loss stand.”
Frau: “Senpai...”
Kaito: “Do you mind if I get a little serious against Takasob, Kona-chan?”
Frau: “Takasob...?”
TAKASONOBLEE_2019. I cut it down to Takasob.
Oh, and apparently it's totally fine to challenge Takasob over and over again.
There's no penalty for losing.
Bastard sure seems confident in their little creation.
I can feel myself getting annoyed.
More reason not to lose.
Kaito: “I have no clue what you're after, but...”
Kaito: “It's time to teach you what happens when you make me angry.”
If you think I can be defeated with some CPU, you better think again.
