I press the intercom button then check the contents of the plastic bag I'm holding.
I went to buy some refreshments at Mizuka-san's store before coming here.
Mainly some flavored breads, snacks, and juice.
I'll use these to lure our little shut-in princess out from the shadows.
It's actually been a while since I've visited Frau's place.
We talk on Twipo all the time, but it's been two or three months since we met in person.
I've actually swung by several times, but Frau kept pretending to be out.
She's a shut-in, so if she doesn't answer the intercom, she's either sleeping or ignoring me.
And so after a while, I sort of just stopped coming over. Which brings us to now.
Part of that is due to this place being so close to the hangar.
If I can drop in any time, I can put it off for another day, right? Then it just snowballs out of control.
So. Will she answer the intercom today or what?
If not, I'll go watch Junna do her mocap work at the hangar and prepare for my matches with Nae-san tomorrow.
That's my real objective anyway.
I can't wait for tomorrow.
That's how starved for a good match I am.
Ohoh? I just heard some noise coming from the intercom speaker.
I guess Frau's actually awake.
Kaito: “I didn't expect you to answer.”
Frau: “Yashio-senpai?”
Frau: “Why... are you here?”
Frau sounds like she's on the verge of death.
Kaito: “You don't sound so good. Don't tell me you haven't been eating...”
Frau: “Uuuugh.”
Kaito: “Kona-chan...?”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “I'm hungry.”
I figured as much.
Kaito: “Well, I brought food. Will you let me in?”
Kaito: “I even found some Kagoshima exclusive sweet potato flavored Pokky.”
Frau: “Th-That sounds really sweet...”
Frau: “But I refuse!”
And yet the entrance automatically opens.
Frau: “Th-This is what you call being tsundere. Duhuhu...”
Kaito: “...”
I'll never be able to keep up with this girl.
Kaito: “It's like a freezer in here.”
It's the first thing that comes to mind every time I visit.
It's just that cold.
Yet her pullover leaves her shoulders exposed, not to mention she's still wearing sweat shorts as if it was still summer.
She isn't even wrapped in a blanket as she stares at her PokeCom.
Her face is lifeless and pale. She has large, dark circles under her eyes. Frau legit looks ill.
Either that, or she hasn't eaten in days. Frau seems pretty incapable of self care, after all.
If I left her like this, she'd probably drop dead in the space of a month.
Kaito: “I brought refreshments.”
Frau: “Th-This is no time for snacks!”
I place the bag at Frau's feet, but she doesn't even look at it.
What about being hungry?
Frau: “R-Rosetta, show Senpai some hospitality.”
Frau says, ignoring the snacks.
Rosetta: “Hello, Yashio-san.”
I hear a voice coming from Frau's PokeCom.
Though I can't see the screen due to the way she's holding it.
Rosetta: “Would you like some warm corn soup?”
Huh. Her bot has a corn soup making function? How convenient.
Kaito: “All right, sure.”
Rosetta: “I see. However, I cannot make corn soup.”
Rosetta: “Please help yourself.”
Kaito: “Never mind.”
What a useless bot.
Kaito: “So... What are you doing, Kona-chan?”
Frau: “...”
Frau takes a small breath.
Frau: “M-More importantly, Yashio-senpai. I-I have a little request. Please...”
With upturned eyes, she bends toward me.
Frau: “Hahh, Hahh, p-please... Okay?”
Why's she breathing so heavily?
Kaito: “Wh-What is it? Depending on the request, I might have you battle me—”
Frau: “L-Let me lick your fingers a little, senpai. Licky-licky.”
Kaito: “You really are a pervert, Kona-chan.”
Frau: “N-No, I'm not! This is a basic human instinct. Or, uh, part of our fundamental identity?”
Frau: “You know, like how babies suck their thumbs? Why?!”
Frau: “Because they're spoiled brats, that's why!”
Frau: “Duhuhu, gr8 self-h8 m8, can rel8.”
Frau: “A-Anyway, licking your fingers is like a t-tranquilizer for me. In a sexual way.”
Kaito: “So, it is sexual in the end. Out of the question, good grief.”
I'm so exasperated that I don't even want to continue talking.
That said, Frau seems a little more hyper than usual. To calm myself, I open the Pokky and pull a stick out.
I offer some to Frau, and she obediently takes two and starts biting away at them.
Frau: “Senpai, d-do you know what a festival is?”
Kaito: “Of course I do. We had the Yoira~Iki Festival this past summer, duh. We even saw the fireworks from here—”
Frau: “Not that kind of festival. Th-The internet kind.”
Ah, that.
Kaito: “That's when lots of people start posting like crazy on textboards and Twipo when some major incident happens. Yeah?”
Frau: “I-I'm impressed, Senpai.”
Well, I am a Twipo user. That stuff is pretty basic.
Frau: “During a festival, people of all types start recklessly vomiting out their opinions on an incident or event.”
Frau: “They don't even try to find out if the info is true or m-made up. And then there's the scum that replies to them on instinct.”
Frau: “There's even a special kind of trash that make it their mission to dox and leak details when they don't have anything to do with it.”
Kaito: “What's your point?”
Frau: “I'm talking about the pile of human garbage p-piling up around G-Gunvarrel's final episode.”
Frau: “They're just p-pieces of trash enjoying the chaos.”
Frau: “G-Granted, I used to troll alongside that trash. In other words, I'm the worst of them all.”
Frau smiles with only her lips.
Are her eyes red from a lack of sleep, or from crying?
Frau: “But ironically, in times like these, they prove to be the most helpful. I'm srs.”
Frau: “To be honest, their passion is out of this world. The definition of wasted talent.”
Frau: “They're more skilled than your average hacker.”
Frau: “@channelers' technological prowess is the world's finest! I'm so goddamn hyped.”
Kaito: “So, did those Gunvarrel fans do something?”
I haven't talked about the Gunvarrel leak with Frau. Not even once.
If what she told me before about her mom is true, this could be a clue as to her whereabouts.
Kaito: “Like finding your mom or something.”
Kaito: “I get it. Were there clues in the final episode?”
I try shooting straight with her, and she replies with a grin.
Frau: “Duhuhu.”
Frau: “Th-That's right, what of it?”
Kaito: “Hoh...”
I wasn't expecting her to be so honest with me.
Frau: “Though I still have no clue where Mama is! gg no re”
Frau: “B-But there was a message that I don't think anyone but Mama could have left.”
Kaito: “A message?”
Frau: “Subliminal. Password. Dark Past.”
Kaito: “Uh, I'm not getting what you mean.”
Frau: “I summed it up in three lines.”
Kaito: “Feel free to use more than three lines, please.”
Frau: “I-In other words, you want to talk more with me, yes? In secret, just the t-two of us.”
Frau: “Hahh Hahh. What eroge is this?”
Kaito: “Could you please try to stay on topic just this once?”
Frau: “...”
Frau's expression stiffened up for a moment.
As if she's about to start crying.
She even has that expression now.
But that expression quickly turns into a pout, as if to express how fed up she was. Maybe I was just imagining things.
Frau: “D-Do you know the deets about the final episode?”
Kaito: “I got the gist of it from Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “I know it totally ignored the series' story and suddenly became a tale about the world being destroyed or something.”
Kaito: “And everyone but the protagonist died, if I remember correctly.”
The reason I have it committed to memory is because it's so similar to the Kimijima Reports.
It's already November, 2019. In two months, that's it.
A large scale solar storm hit North America, and while there wasn't any terrorism, there were riots.
If that solar storm is the one in the Kimijima Reports, at the very least we should be safe this year.
But who knows. I might be overthinking it.
I hope so, at least.
Frau: “The story c-content actually doesn't matter.”
Frau: “Th-The important parts are the subliminal images, duh.”
Kaito: “Ah, I heard there were subliminal messages mixed in there.”
Frau: “Very obviously, at that.”
Frau: “Originally, the final episode was only four and a half minutes long. A c-cut up and edited video.”
Frau: “There were a t-total of 19 points where ambiguous images were inserted into the timeline.”
Frau: “S-Specifically, Shibuya's 107, a space shuttle, black and white photos from WW2, the face of Fukuzawa Yukichi.”
Frau: “Completely bland and inoffensive images.”
Frau: “A-Also, the image quality was terrible. Full of static.”
Frau: “If you remove the static from the images and correct their levels...”
Kaito: “You found something weird in them?”
Frau: “Of course... not.”
Kaito: “Really?”
Frau: “Th-They were all just regular images.”
Frau: “But there was something strange in the film.”
Kaito: “Not the images, but the film? What do you mean?”
Frau: “At first, the analysis team.”
Frau: “Oh, I don't mean like a special police team or a dedicated research organization o-or anything like that.”
For some reason Frau blushes and squirms around.
Frau: “Th-They're just the human garbage that gathered together for the festival.”
Frau: “N-Naturally, the analysis team focused on the subliminally inserted images at first. But that was a trap.”
Frau: “So, the leaked footage was 120 FPS.”
Kaito: “FPS... The amount of frames per second, right?”
Kill-Ballad, for example, runs at 60 FPS.
Frau: “120 FPS is too smooth, too moist! How indecent! Save that for the eroge!”
Kaito: “No perverted delusions, please.”
Frau: “A-Anyway, hyper smooth videos like that are pretty rare.”
Frau: “And it's pointless making an anime with a frame rate that high.”
Frau: “The e-existing episodes of Gunvarrel aren't that smooth.”
Frau: “S-So, then why was the leaked final episode running at 120 FPS?”
Kaito: “Beats me.”
Frau: “Because each frame is shorter compared to a video running at 60 FPS, duh.”
Frau: “At 120 FPS, each frame is only shown for about 0.007 seconds.”
That's short. I'm not sure I could deal with that even if I used Slo-mo.
Frau: “It was hidden in that 0.007 seconds.”
Kaito: “What was?”
Frau: “Another subliminal message.”
Kaito: “...?”
Another?
Frau: “The images I mentioned before, like Yukichi Fukuzawa and Shibuya 107, were about four frames long.”
Frau: “So, wh-what happens if one of those four frames contained another mysterious image?”
Kaito: “Was there one?”
Frau: “The images were already full of static. And since it was one frame hidden in four, n-nobody noticed for several days.”
Frau: “So, that extra hidden image ended up being even more strange.”
Frau: “Take a look.”
Frau shows me the image on her PokeCom screen.
Frau: “Th-This is the image in question.”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “An image of the inside of some ruined house.”
Frau: “Its location isn't s-specified.”
Frau: “E-Even maniacs from aggregator sites who searched through over 1,000 abandoned houses nationwide have no clue where it is.”
Kaito: “So, is this a dead end?”
Frau: “N-Not quite. Hold on.”
Frau: “Look at this.”
It's the image of the ruined house. Frau points to a white wall.
Frau: “What do you think a-about this pattern?”
Kaito: “Feels out of place.”
Frau: “This was edited into the photo after the fact.”
Frau: “Wouldn't it be crazy if this pattern resembled the alphabet?”
The alphabet?
Kaito: “It kind of looks like a distorted 'B'.”
Frau: “Correct! Let me lick your fingers.”
Kaito: “Away, pervert! Away!”
Frau: “Th-There were an additional 18 images hidden in the initial set of subliminal images.”
Frau: “They were a-all images from inside ruin-like locations.”
Frau: “And every image had similarly distorted alphabet letters shopped into them.”
Kaito: “Do they form some kind of message?”
Frau: “Nope. Not at all.”
Huh...
Frau: “They don't even form words.”
Frau taps away on her PokeCom.
And displays the next image.
Frau: “Here, look.”
Frau: “B-By the way, you reverse the order of the subliminal images that appear from start to finish in the episode...”
Kaito: “Reverse them? This is all so convoluted.”
Kaito: “So, what did those alphabet letters form?”
Frau: “A password.”
Kaito: “For what?”
Frau: “...”
It's here that Frau goes silent.
Kaito: “Kona-chan?”
Frau: “I seriously didn't think they'd be able to find something like this.”
Frau: “A D-Dark Past even I had no idea about.”
Dark Past, eh?
Frau said something like that before, but what exactly is she referring to?
Frau: “Kogoori Minami's Dark Past.”
Frau: “Or I guess Furugoori Minami's.”
Kogoori Minami. She was the director of the Gunvarrel anime.
And her real name is Furugoori Minami, Frau's mom.
Frau: “She had a personal homepage that's been left abandoned for over 20 years now.”
Kaito: “Your mom did?”
Frau nods.
Frau: “A-A homepage she created back when she was still in high school and creating doujinshi for ComiMa.”
Frau: “By the way, wh-when the site was located, there had only been about 700 total visitors.”
Frau: “N-Now with all the traffic from aggregator sites, the counter just keeps going up and up.”
Frau: “It contains illustrations and manga she drew at the time. Even some girly poems.”
Kaito: “I'm surprised it's all still there.”
Frau: “I-It's a mystery to me too.”
Frau: “Normally, by now it'd be a dead link. It's weird.”
Frau: “Who has been paying the usage fees?”
Wait a second... Something about this seems familiar.
That's right! The Minamitane Community Center!
That place has been abandoned for years, and yet it still has running electricity.
The bill is being paid by a company in Tokyo that owns it.
There's something fishy about all this...
Frau: “There was also a message board.”
Frau: “Th-There were about 80 posts on there.”
Kaito: “When was the most recent one?”
Frau: “March, 2019.”
Kaito: “Did your mom write anything there?”
Frau: “Of course. Pretty much all of the posts were made by Furugoori Minami 20 years ago.”
Frau: “The one from 2019 was spam though.”
Kaito: “Blah, I should've known better.”
Frau: “However...”
Frau: “There was just one post on the board, number 57.”
Frau: “It was written by Kogoori Minami rather than Furugoori Minami.”
Frau: “It was posted...”
Frau: “October 4, 2015.”
Frau: “Two weeks after the cancellation of the final Gunvarrel episode.”
I nervously gulp.
Frau: “Two weeks after Mama disappeared.”
Frau: “11 days after the Crash of '15.”
The Crash of '15?
What does that have to do with this?
Frau: “By the way, my real name, Kona? In Japanese, you can read it as 57, right?”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “It's so perfect it makes me sick.”
How these things all relate depends entirely on what Frau says next.
Kaito: “Just continue.”
Frau: “Kogoori Minami's post contained a link.”
Frau: “Not a direct link. The H at the beginning was removed.”
Frau: “I'm sure you get the rest. Duhuhu.”
Kaito: “I actually don't.”
Frau: “The URL leads to a password input screen.”
Kaito: “...!”
Frau: “Wh-What?!”
Frau: “The input field looks about 19 characters long no matter how you slice it, thank you very much.”
Kaito: “Then the letters from the last episode?!”
Frau: “After entering the password, there was a message from Mama written on storyboard paper. A pic.”
Don't tell me it was her last will and testament...?
Kaito: “What was written on it?”
Frau: “How about seeing for yourself?”
Frau shows me her PokeCom screen again.
It's a note scrawled on storyboard paper.
It says.
“Gunvarrel is a brainwashing device! Propaganda!”
“There will be multiple terrorist attacks around the world at the same time a solar storm hits.”
“I fled in order to prevent it.”
“They still exist.”
“Everyone's dead.”
“Someone stop hem.”
“Project Atum isn't over.”
Kaito: “...”
No... way...
Kaito: “This can't be. It can't...”
Frau: “Project Atum... Duhuhu...”
Frau starts breathing heavily again as she speaks.
That's right. It's written right there.
It's the same. The exact same as the Kimijima Reports.
Frau: “Th-That's the big m-mystery!”
Frau: “M-Makes you wanna fly across the sky, la la la!”
Oh, I get it...
Frau's anticlimactic reaction is because I still haven't told her what I know about Project Atum from the Kimijima Reports.
Project Atum.
It's a part of the Human Domestication Project, designed to use a solar storm to kill five billion people.
Project Atum was supposed to go down in 2015, and Kogoori Minami fled in order to stop it. Is that it?
Gunvarrel is a brainwashing tool?
Brainwashing.
My mind immediately jumps to the Tavistock Institute.
Are you telling me that they had a hand in the creation of Gunvarrel?
Then that would mean that they had some endgame in mind for brainwashing people.
That's absurd, but it lines up too perfectly with what's written in the Kimijima Reports. I can't brush it off.
Is this a trap?
Is someone setting a trap for me?
But here's the thing. I'm pretty sure I'm the only person who knows about the Kimijima Reports in all of Japan.
Plus, why lay such a complex trap just for me? All they'd have to do to seal my mouth is just kill me, much like they did with Kimijima Kou.
Does that mean there are other people like me who have picked up on this, and this is just a diversion?
I don't know. There's no way to know.
This could just be me overthinking it.
But one thing is clear.
Kimijima Kou and Kogoori Minami.
These two share multiple connections.
They both fled from someone or something.
They both came to Tanegashima.
They both died mysteriously. Well, in Kogoori Minami's case, vanished.
And they both accused the Tavistock Institute of being involved in a conspiracy.
Kaito: “It all lines up too perfectly.”
I doubt this is simply a coincidence.
If this isn't some trap, that means they're both telling the truth.
Massive worldwide terrorism accompanying a solar storm, and the deaths of five billion people.
I'm covered in cold sweat.
And I suddenly realize my throat is bone dry.
I pop open the Fruit Sour Melon I brought with me and chug it.
Kogoori Minami's hidden message just made the Kimijima Reports that much more credible.
This is on a completely different level than when the final episode of Gunvarrel leaked.
That's right, this isn't just some conspiracy theory anymore. Kimijima Kou wasn't just writing delusions.
The Committee of 300 and the Tavistock Institute actually have a grand plan.
Even now, in 2019, Project Atum is still trucking along.
“They still exist.”
“Project Atum isn't over.”
I can't help but read over those hastily scrawled letters over and over.
I need to hurry and find the rest of the Kimijima Reports.
I'd given up on collecting them all after seeing how absurd No. 5's flags were, but no longer.
While I sit here, they're out there fast-tracking the end of the goddamn world!
I glance at Frau.
She's still grinning, gazing down at her PokeCom.
I have no idea what's so funny.
Kaito: “Is there any proof that this is for sure a message from your mom?”
Frau: “The storyboard paper had Mama's s-signature.”
Frau: “Also, th-the storyboard paper was the kind that she always used.”
Frau: “O-Oh, and that was definitely her handwriting.”
Frau: “Mama's handwriting is tera bad. It'd make kindergarteners deathly scared. Duhuhu.”
Seriously, what's so funny?
Kaito: “So, you finally found some clues related to your mom.”
Kaito: “Do you think they'll help you find her?”
Frau: “Obviously not.”
Why does she seem so calm about this? Why isn't she more frantic?
Frau keeps joking around about everything. It's almost like she doesn't think much of her own mom.
I just don't understand you, Koujiro Frau... Or should I say Furugoori Kona?
Frau: “However...”
Frau: “I will say that the info gathering skills of this festival's participants have been abnormal.”
Frau: “Even I didn't know that she left behind a message like that four years ago, after she vanished.”
Frau: “Th-That's why I'm sure it'll all be exposed eventually.”
Frau: “Even if nobody knows right now...”
Frau: “The fact that over 10 members of the Gunvarrel production staff died will come to light p-pretty soon.”
Frau: “There'll be at least 100 threads on @channel painting Kogoori Minami as the perp.”
Frau: “Th-Then G-Gunvarrel'll become a social phenomenon again for the first time in four years, and copies will start selling like hotcakes again.”
Frau: “I-I'll make piles of money, a-and then I'll drink their tears!”
Frau's as excitable as ever.
Regardless of how negative the info is, she did get some new clues about her mom. Maybe this is her idea of optimism?
Or maybe she's just an idiotic pervert with a busted personality.
Frau: “M-More importantly, Yashio-senpai, wh-why did you come here today?”
Crap, that's right. I came here for a reason.
Frau: “Gasp! I-I bet you're here to attack and t-take advantage of me while I'm hungry and weak!”
Frau: “H-How dare you!”
Frau: “B-Besides, boys shouldn't be forcing themselves on girls! It's wrong!”
Frau: “Boys should force themselves on other boys! Duh!”
What's she talking about?
Frau: “That's right, Four Eyes! Bring Four Eyes here! Then I'll have him force himself on you!”
Frau: “Hurry up! Don't blame me for what happens otherwise!”
I'd be an idiot if I went along with this delusional pervert's silliness, so I cut straight to the point.
Kaito: “I'm here on orders from Madam President.”
Kaito: “I'm here to convince you to create Model-2's drive system.”
Frau hears my words and smiles happily.
Frau: “So he said, delivering his confusing testimony.”
Kaito: “No, I'm pretty sure nothing about that was confusing.”
Frau: “Sure, if you say so. In your own mind, that is.”
I guess she has no intention of hearing me out.
Whatever. I figured it'd turn out like this.
