Kaito: “...”
Last night's light rain shower has continued through today.
Which means I couldn't commute by scooter. It took me about 10 minutes to get here from school.
The entrance of the abandoned hotel.
Nearby is the intercom that Frau had installed into the building.
Kaito: “...She's not answering.”
If she doesn't answer after three rings, she's either sleeping, or she's gone out.
By out, I mean that she's probably taken a trip to the Irei General Store to grab something to eat.
But she definitely wouldn't want to leave on a rainy day like this.
A shut-in like Frau should hate the rain.
I suppose I'll ring Mizuka-san up, just in case.
Kaito: “Call Irei General Store.”
Mizuka: “Thank you for calling. This is the Irei General Store.”
Kaito: “Ah, Mizuka-san? It's Yashio.”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka: “Oh. It's just you, Kai.”
Her energy level drops dramatically.
Every time I ever hear Mizuka-san act all polite, I can't help but want to interject with “Who the hell are you?”
Kaito: “Did Kona-chan happen to swing by the store today?”
Mizuka: “Kona-chan? Who's that?”
Kaito: “Koujiro Frau. The girl living at the abandoned hotel in front of the old airport.”
Mizuka: “Oh, that girl. Nah, haven't seen her today.”
Kaito: “Got it. Thanks.”
I hang up the phone.
I try pressing the intercom button again...
But there's still no response.
I'd say there's a pretty strong chance that she's just pretending to be out.
However...
I'm uneasy after everything that happened yesterday and today.
The Tokyo blackouts and Frau's terrorism declaration are the hot topics of the moment on the net.
Early this morning, Frau suddenly declared that she'd taken over RI Company's service robots.
She then started saying crazy things to taunt people, so everyone on the net is lashing out at her.
That's why I left school during my lunch break and came here.
Kaito: “...C'mon, are you serious? Don't tell me she's gone into hiding or something.”
Considering everything she revealed on Twipo, it'd make sense for her to run.
Which means it doesn't matter how many times I push this button.
But on the other hand...
I have a bad feeling that she might've been framed.
Frau is the only person I've told so far about the contents of the Kimijima Reports.
And then there's Frau's mom, Kogoori Minami, who was likely erased for opposing the Tavistock Institute.
Frau came to this island to search for her mom.
It wouldn't be strange if the Tavistock Institute or the Committee of 300 abducted or threatened her into cooperating by using her mom.
Kaito: “Man, I'm just coming up with my own original conspiracy theories like it's nothing now...”
I scoff at myself and call the number of the security company on the intercom's sticker.
“My cousin won't answer no matter how much I call, so I'm breaking in. Please send security over ASAP.”
That's basically what I told them.
But all the girl at the call center did was try to stop me.
After hanging up, I find a fist-sized rock from among the weeds.
I take aim at the glass door and throw it as hard as I can.
I crouch down low, but move quickly and climb the stairs to the third floor, stopping to catch my breath.
I look down the hallway.
There's no sign of anyone here.
Kaito: “I might've gone a little overboard...”
If Frau asks me for reimbursement later, I'll just play dumb.
I seriously didn't think it'd break like that.
I'm feeling super nervous.
Not about having to pay, really, but about making a noise that loud.
What if someone has Frau confined in her room?
It's possible that the culprit could do something bad in response to the noise. Like killing Frau. Or ambushing me.
...Nah. I'm sure it'll be fine.
I force myself to think positively.
Anyway, I head to Frau's room.
I check for sounds inside the room through the door, but I don't hear any talking.
I gently turn the door knob.
Kaito: “...!”
Unexpectedly, it's unlocked.
Whenever I visit, Frau always keeps her room locked. She only opens it when I knock from outside.
But if it's unlocked... does that mean nobody's inside?
Or...
I imagine a gruesome scene awaiting me inside the room and hesitate to open the door...
But I can't turn back now.
I need to check inside.
Kaito: “Ugh... So, I guess the go/no-go decision is a go?”
I brace myself and slowly open the door.
Kaito: “Geez, it's cold...!”
Kaito: “Is there... nobody here...?”
I don't see anyone.
The AC is on, so it's as freezing cold as always.
The PC is still on too.
Actually, even her PokeCom is just sitting there.
The room is filled with the smell of mold and must.
This might actually be worse than usual.
It looks like a stain because it's dry. Clearly, Frau hasn't been eating much, there are no solids. That must be the cause of the smell.
I'd prefer not to look at it straight-on.
I take a look around the room and sigh.
Frau's nowhere to be found.
I figured she might be sleeping, but I was wrong.
Did I miss her on the way over, and she's at Mizuka-san's place now?
Or could she have been kidnapped?
...A sound.
I hear a sound.
It's mixed in with the low humming of the PC.
...It's the sound of water.
I immediately turn to the entrance.
That's where the bathroom door is.
It's currently shut.
Upon closer inspection, light is visibly leaking from the opening at the bottom.
Someone's inside.
I was so nervous when I came in that I didn't even notice...
But there's definitely a sound coming from inside the bathroom.
It's the sound of water flowing from a faucet.
Kaito: “For crying out loud... Why me...?”
I'm so fed up with all of this. Why does everything have to be such a pain?
Why can't fate just let me play games in peace?
After internally ranting for a bit...
I charge into the bathroom without hesitation.
Kaito: “...!”
I'm hit with an immediate sense of regret.
The first thing that occurs to me is that I've just laid eyes on a corpse for the first time in my life.
Frau's skin is pale like that of a wax doll.
She doesn't even look real.
It's then that I realize I'm surprisingly calm.
I walk up to the tub and turn off the faucet.
She slit her wrists...
Why would she want to kill herself?
Guilt for her crimes? Was she pushed to the edge after being framed by the Tavistock Institute?
Kaito: “Kona-chan... I hope you at least found peace...”
I move to take the box cutter out of her hand...
...And it falls to the floor.
Frau: “Uuh...”
Kaito: “...Huh?”
Frau's eyelids open slightly.
She looks toward me.
Then suddenly grips my wrist tightly.
Kaito: “Huh... Hey?!”
I'm so shaken that I fall flat on my ass.
The bathroom floor is wet, and the cold sensation returns me to my senses.
Kaito: “Kona-chan! You're alive?!”
Actually, I don't see any blood anywhere.
Was it a failed suicide attempt?
Kaito: “Are you all right?! What the hell are you doing?!”
I hurriedly grab her by the shoulders and give her a shake.
Her body is shockingly cold, enough to make me shiver.
Frau's eyes remain half open. She's still gripping my wrist.
A trickle of tears descend from the corners of her eyes.
Kaito: “Kona-chan...?”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “Defiled...”
Kaito: “...What did you say?”
Frau: “Gunvarrel... is being defiled...”
Frau: “Yashio-sen...pai...”
Frau: “Help... me...”
She barely manages to get those words out.
She's not some super genius high school programmer girl that uses old net slang from a decade ago.
She's just a lonely, weak girl crying for help from the bottom of her heart.
