Akiho: “All right, we're heading out!”
Subaru: “...”
These days, Akiho and Subaru seem to go to the Robot Clinic every day after school.
And as always, Junna and I are the ones to see them off.
This has become a frequent occurrence.
Akiho: “Kai, don't slack off just because I'm not around. Make sure you help Jun!”
And of course, Akiho always says something along these lines before leaving.
And I always shrug when she does.
The usual archetype.
Once they leave, my free time begins.
Junna: “Huh? Um, Yashio-kun, you aren't going to the hangar?”
Kaito: “Sorry. I have some business at school.”
Kaito: “I'll meet up with you later, so you can start on your own.”
Junna: “Business? Were you some sort of council member?”
Kaito: “It's nothing like that. It's personal business.”
Kaito: “Folks don't like people who pry too much. And by folks, I mean me.”
Junna: “Eh? I'd prefer if you kept liking me.”
Kaito: “Right? So, go and get started on your mocap stuff.”
Junna: “O-Okay...”
I give Junna a little push on the back and get her to leave.
Junna's been practicing constantly for the mocap as of late.
Frau took no time programming us some motion capture software.
But she's being really stubborn when it comes to the drive system.
Is it that much of a pain in the ass?
Even Subaru's getting nervous about it getting done before February.
Plus, once Frau starts on something, she keeps working until she finishes. No breaks.
If this might take up to a month, what will happen to Frau? She could potentially work herself to death.
Frau might be thinking the same thing. That'd explain why she's been trying to dodge us.
Either way, Junna's mocap work is still just in the practice phase.
Model-2 hasn't been assembled yet, so it's too early to come up with actions that match each joint's range of motion.
Someone proposed we make a functional 3D model, but it'd take time to create. Plus, Frau'd have to make it for us.
So, with no way to simulate anything, we're on hold until we finish the real deal.
In other words, the schedule is going to be tight.
That being said, as the operator, there's nothing I can do about any of this. No point in worrying!
I don't feel too guilty over ditching club activities for personal business.
Kaito: “Airi-chaaan, come on out.”
Airi: “Yeees?”
The AR girl happily trots out after I call for her.
Airi: “The weather tomorrow, November 19th, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be clear.”
Airi: “Air temperature: high of 21 degrees Celsius, low of 13 degrees Celsius.”
Airi: “You should bring a long sleeve jacket to wear at night.”
Kaito: “Thanks for the oh-so-valuable advice.”
I immediately tap on Airi and switch her to Sister Centipede.
Sister Centipede: “Access confirmed.”
Sister Centipede: “Switching to Sister Centipede Mode.”
I want to avoid talking to Airi at school if at all possible.
There are lots of people around, so there's no telling who's watching.
If someone caught wind of this, they'd probably raise a stink about ghosts or something.
But right now, I have no choice but to summon her at school.
First, let's see how everything's looking.
Kaito: “Can you check again if I've completed all the flags for Report No. 5?”
I checked last night and this morning, but I want to be sure.
Sister Centipede: “Flag completion for Kimijima Report No. 5 is as follows.”
Sister Centipede: “1. ‘Discover Kimijima Report No. 4.’ Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 1 has been completed.’”
Sister Centipede: “2. ‘Run from point A to point B on the runway of the Old Tanegashima Airport in under five minutes.’ Note: ‘completed.’”
For some reason, the flags for Report No. 5 are all based on physical activities.
Thanks to my condition, I have zero physical ability to speak of. That's why I gave up at the end of September.
But after seeing Kogoori Minami's warning, I can't afford to sit on my ass anymore. I have to get them all.
My main issue was Flag No. 2.
Running from point A to point B of the runway means going from end to end. That's about 1,600 meters.
For the record, my 1,500 meter marathon time in junior high P.E. was over seven minutes.
Not only was this 100 meters longer, but unlike a school field, the runway is on a slope. This'd be impossible for me.
But after thinking it over...
...I decided to drive from one end to the other on my scooter.
It took me about a minute or so.
Afterward, I took a shot in the dark and checked with Sister Centipede. Guess what? Flag complete.
Talk about lucky.
Sister Centipede: “3. Do a lap on the marathon track at Nakatane Central Athletic Park in under 60 seconds. Note: completed.”
Seeing how my exploit for Flag No. 2 worked, that automatically made clearing No. 3 simple.
I'd get in trouble if I drove around on my scooter, so I forcefully borrowed a bike from a classmate to use instead.
My time came in at a little under 30 seconds. Flag complete.
Airi and Sister Centipede have been really lax about this whole thing. It's been a huge help.
Sister Centipede: “4: Get a bullseye on a target at the Chuo Tanegashima High Kyudo Club dojo. Note: completed.”
Thus, the hardest one ended up being Flag No. 4.
I asked the Kyudo Club to lend me a bow, but they totally refused.
I get it. Who'd let a rando third year, one in the problematic Robotics Club, use a bow? I sure wouldn't.
It also didn't help that the Kyudo Club's advisor is the vice principal herself.
In the end, I utilized the Passion Accord to locate an old Kyudo Club member and borrow their bow for a day.
I then waited for the club to finish practice, snuck into the bow range, and shot arrows two meters from the target.
After about an hour, I finally hit the center of the target and completed the flag. Though it had already turned to night by then.
I basically cheated on all but Flag No. 1.
A win's a win, though personally I'm not a fan of these kinds of tactics.
And so that brings us to today.
Sister Centipede: “All four flags have been completed.”
Sister Centipede: “The AR annotation for Kimijima Report No. 5 has been made visible.”
Kaito: “And you're thinking it's somewhere on campus?”
Sister Centipede: “Correct. Please find it as soon as possible.”
Kaito: “Wait, don't tell me other people can see it too?”
Sister Centipede: “No. It is only visible to people who have completed the flags.”
Kaito: “Then what's the hurry?”
Just then, I hear some girls snickering from a short ways away.
I turn around to find three girls in the hall looking at me and laughing for some reason.
When they notice that I've spotted them, they hurry away.
They probably think I'm some weirdo who talks to his PokeCom.
See? This is why I didn't want to summon Airi at school.
Sister Centipede's right. Let's get this over and done with.
Find the report, move on.
There should be a power mark AR annotation for the Kimijima Report somewhere at school. I gotta find it.
I guess I'll use deluoode map to pick out potential spots.
