Akiho: “Doc!”
Jun was told about an explosion at the Robot Clinic during 6th period class that day.
Fortunately, we were relieved to hear that nobody was seriously injured, but an explosion is still no small matter.
Thus, together with Jun and Subaru—Kai said he had business at Frau Bow's place—I rushed over to the Clinic.
Fujita: “Yo, you came?”
Doc is acting like nothing at all happened.
Akiho: “Er, wha? I heard there was an explosion.”
Akiho: “You're completely okay?”
Fujita: “What, did Goh tell you? What a big mouth...”
Doc clicks his tongue, then scoffs.
Fujita: “Please, I ain't gonna make mistakes that'd get me hurt.”
Subaru: “But there was an explosion, right? What happened?”
At the very least, there are no holes in the walls or ceiling...
Subaru: “Did the monopole explode?”
Fujita: “The monopole isn't what exploded.”
Akiho: “Then what did?”
Fujita: “I was testing some things, and I got a bit careless with fire...”
Fujita: “Anyway, it wasn't a big deal. I was working outside, so the store is fine too.”
Fujita: “Don't be makin' a fuss over a little explosion here and there.”
Er, sounds to me like he made plenty of mistakes.
Junna: “I-I can't believe it...”
Jun is still standing at the store entrance, listening from a distance. She's trembling and holding back tears.
Whoa, she seems really upset. You don't see her with such an expression too often.
Junna: “Grandpa, I was super worried!”
Fujita: “Oh...”
Fujita: “I didn't know Jun came here, too.”
Junna: “You only just recovered! D-Don't push yourself so hard...”
Fujita: “Y-You're right... Sorry for making you worry, Jun.”
Fujita: “It's just, this is my passion. It's been a long time since my remodeler's blood burned like this.”
Fujita: “I need to get a little adventurous if I'm gonna work on something like a monopole. This is new territory.”
Fujita: “I'm prepared for all of Tanegashima to go boom. I ain't got no regrets.”
Subaru: “Please feel free to regret more!”
Fujita: “Hmph, acting like you care now?”
Fujita: “If you ain't ready to die for this, take the monopole and hide it under some mountain. Don't ever think of it again.”
Fujita: “It's you guys at the Robotics Club that wanted to use the monopole in the robot.”
Fujita: “I'm just doin' what was asked of me.”
Fujita: “That's why I'm putting my life on the line for it.”
Fujita: “I'm not telling you to die, but you need to at least have that much determination.”
Junna: “Grandpa...”
Fujita: “Sorry, Jun. This is just who I am.”
Junna: “...”
Fujita: “But don't get me wrong. I don't plan on kicking the old bucket.”
Fujita: “I ain't gonna lose to you kids just yet.”
Doc is definitely way livelier than he was before the surgery.
Akiho: “So, Doc... Is there really a chance of the monopole exploding?”
Fujita: “Nope.”
Doc shrugs his shoulders.
Fujita: “I casually tried chopping at it, but it was fine.”
Subaru: “Casually...?”
Junna: “Um, so what exactly is a monopole?”
Fujita: “But I did learn something pretty interesting.”
Fujita: “Take a look.”
Doc carefully places something on the counter.
Subaru: “This is...”
It's a small bottle.
Inside of it is some sort of blackish powder.
It looks like gunpowder, but it's actually the monopole ground to dust, basically.
He opens the lid of the bottle and pours the powder onto a white sheet of paper.
Strangely enough, there's some sort of rainbow-colored smoke faintly visible.
It glitters and shines. It's beautiful.
Subaru: “Is it safe to touch?”
Fujita: “It'll just tingle a bit.”
Fujita: “It has a little heat. Not enough to burn you, though.”
Akiho: “...”
Junna: “...”
Subaru: “...”
It's not just me.
Everyone has gone quiet upon seeing this strange substance.
Amateurs like us shouldn't be messing with this stuff.
I almost feel guilty about it.
Subaru: “We tread in God's domain...”
Fujita: “Oh, please. Enough melodrama.”
Subaru: “I-I'm nyot being melodramatic...”
Fujita: “If anything, you should say that Heaven has blessed us with its treasures.”
Who's being melodramatic now?
Well, who cares.
Either way, I'm the one who asked him to look into this.
Which means I'm the one who needs to plant my feet on this.
Akiho: “Doc... From your point of view, what do you think of this thing? Be honest.”
Akiho: “Is it dangerous? Can it be used?”
Fujita: “...”
Doc then narrows his eyes and stares straight at me.
Akiho: “Um... Doc?”
Fujita: “Hee hee...”
Fujita: “Those eyes of yours... Right now they look just like your sister's.”
Akiho: “Eh? R-Really?”
Fujita: “Yeah. I guess you two really are sisters.”
For some reason, Doc seems happy.
Heck, I'm happy that he said I remind him of Big Sis.
I mean, I know I still have a long way to go before I can stand shoulder to shoulder with her.
But still, hearing that is enough for now.
Akiho: “I'm getting fired up. Hehe.”
Fujita: “Well, I won't have a conclusion until I actually incorporate it into a motor and see the results.”
Doc explains how he'll compress the powdered monopole into a core, then wrap a coil around it to make a magnet.
Akiho: “If we can use it for an electric motor, hobby robot know-how will be really useful.”
Akiho: “Right, Subaru?”
Subaru: “Indeed.”
Akiho: “Then we can reduce the load on Frau Bow a little and...”
Yesterday, Kai went to try and talk her into helping us, but she refused, as expected.
I bet she'd help if we made things a little easier on her.
It's then that all our PokeComs simultaneously let off their disquieting warning sound.
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Junna: “A-A message?”
Fujita: “No, my PokeCom rang too.”
Subaru: “Is it the Earthquake Early Warning system?”
Subaru takes out his PokeCom faster than anyone and checks it.
Then, the lights in the store suddenly start flickering over and over again irregularly.
Subaru: “...”
Subaru immediately loses his usual composure.
I can tell from his gaze that he's impatiently reading the text on his PokeCom's screen.
Akiho: “What's wrong?”
Subaru: “...”
Subaru gulps loudly.
He then looks up at us with an aghast expression on his face.
Subaru: “It's a solar storm.”
Subaru: “It hit Kanto. Directly.”
Akiho: “Directly...?”
As to what that actually meant...
I couldn't even imagine at the time.
