From the 17th floor office, I can clearly see pillars of smoke rising up from within the city.
Here in Aoyama, we got a front row seat to Shibuya's incredible restoration over the last 10 years.
To my right, there's a group of high-rise buildings in Shinjuku.
There are several pillars of smoke rising from that area as well.
People are probably rioting at the bottom of those buildings now that laws mean nothing.
It's complete savagery.
Moreover, it's terrifying.
I can't believe that a major megalopolis like Tokyo can turn into this after just 24 hours of power outage.
Luckily, Exoskeleton HQ is equipped with its own generator, so it was able to recover fairly quickly.
Though, some precision equipment got damaged, so they are now useless.
The prototype HUGs we were testing were not designed with solar storms in mind, so they're all destroyed, too.
Most HUGs on the market are protected against solar storms, so there hasn't been any major trouble just yet.
The office is quiet.
Most of my colleagues in the HUG Testing Department had left in the morning, wanting to get home even if it meant walking.
I tried to talk them out of it, but they didn't listen.
Fools...
Are they that desperate to go home?
Is this something I would understand if I was married with children?
Regardless, I probably wouldn't go outside for any reason.
It's way too dangerous right now.
That's why.
Sawada: “Do you see something?”
Silently, Sawada, the department head, appears next to me.
He keeps his eyes pointed down at the scene playing out below us.
He's also taking shelter here.
Misaki: “There's a fire in Shinjuku.”
Misaki: “Shibuya is surprisingly quiet.”
Sawada: “There are quite a few life-size robots in Shibuya.”
Sawada: “Yet there doesn't appear to be any trouble...”
Sawada: “They might've shut down systems for the entire city and had the robots enter autistic mode.”
Sawada: “The ‘21st Century City’, eh? What a fitting name.”
Misaki: “...”
Sawada: “Project Mars... It's still on track.”
Sawada: “Though this is but a mere rehearsal.”
Sawada: “This isn't the real deal. Not yet.”
The Shibuya sky had become spotted with black stains.
Three or four of them, even.
They're mainstream media helicopters flying about, relaying Tokyo's pitiable state to the rest of the public.
They look like flies circling a rotting carcass.
I close my eyes to avoid looking at such a horrid sight.
The scenery that I imagine is the clear, azure sky of my home island.
