We decided to keep using the shock therapy equipment.
Except now we're making sure not to attach any pads to my temples.
At maximum output, my thighs, butt and arms alone are enough to cause my body to convulse.
This has a negative effect on my ability to play, so we dropped the output down a little.
All that's left now is for Frau to intermittently shock me while I play.
Kaito: “Ugh, uuuggghhh.”
Thanks to the intensity of the sensation, I've stopped feeling the burning pain around my thighs.
Kaito: “Haaah... Haaah...”
I can't breathe.
No matter how desperately I try to breathe, my body won't move like I want it to.
Frau: “Senpai... You're falling apart.”
Frau: “We can't keep this up...”
Kaito: “No. Keep going.”
Kaito: “When I give the signal, press the button...”
Frau: “B-But you look like you're about to die...”
Kaito: “We've barely got any time left.”
Kaito: “I can't afford to rest.”
It's entirely possible that the RI robots are gathered outside of the government building right now.
I haven't been watching the news, so I don't know for sure. But I do know we're out of time.
Which is why...
Kaito: “Now!”
Kaito: “Grgh... Aaaahhh.”
Excruciating pain ensues.
I clench my teeth to hold on to my consciousness.
Focus.
Don't let the pain get the best of you!
Kaito: “Ngh...”
Another loss.
How many times is this?
Kaito: “Haaah, haaah...”
And my Slo-mo is nowhere to be found.
But even then.
Frau: “Shouldn't we call it quits?”
Frau: “Senpai, you've done more than enough.”
Kaito: “Hahah, in what world? All I've done is lose.”
Kaito: “Plus, I can feel it...”
Frau: “Feel what? H-Have you finally awoken to your masochistic tendencies?”
Kaito: “No, you dumbhead.”
Kaito: “The fuse... It's finally been lit.”
And that fuse belongs to the bomb-like something deep inside of my chest.
Once it explodes, I'll get an attack.
After years and years of struggling with my condition, I've become good at noticing its signs.
It tells me when an attack is on the way.
Consider it a sort of homemade detection system I came up with.
Kaito: “Next.”
I swallow my breath.
My throat is dry as hell, but I opt not to drink any water.
Kaito: “It's going to happen this time...”
Frau: “You can tell?”
Kaito: “To a point.”
I've done all sorts of awful things to my body to get here.
If I don't have an attack, I'm going to be pissed.
If anything, it's taken way too long.
I massage my eyeballs over my eyelids.
And while I'm at it, I loosen up my fingers.
I'm actually kind of impressed by how messed up I am.
But that's enough. It's time for me to strike back.
Kaito: “Let's begin...”
It's then that a violent knocking sound shoots through the room.
Frau: “?!”
???: “Furugoori-san!”
???: “Furugoori-san, we know you're in there!”
???: “Please open the door. It's the police!”
Frau: “The police...?”
Frau: “S-S-Senpai, wh-what should I do...?!”
I guess the authorities have finally arrived to question Frau about the whole OS hack thing.
Talk about shitty timing.
Couldn't they wait 10 minutes?
Detective: “We'd like to ask you about what's going on in Tokyo!”
Detective: “Hellooo!”
Frau: “Sh-Should I answer...?”
If we make them wait for too long, things'll just get worse.
I doubt they're gonna break in, but we also don't want to give them the wrong impression.
Kaito: “Just get them to wait five minutes!”
I'm sure the bomb'll go off before then.
Frau heads toward the door.
Frau: “C-C-Can you wait five minutes? I-I'm changing!”
While Frau buys me some time, I initiate my final battle with Takasob.
My strategy now is the same as before: exchanging blows.
And once Takasob's HP bar starts to glow red...
They're gonna come at me with their BS ult.
If I can manage to trigger Slo-mo at that exact time, they're finished!
The round begins.
I manage to read and dodge their long range sniper attacks and begin to close the distance between us.
The real match begins once I'm in melee range.
No matter how I try to break their guard, they manage to quickly react and respond.
So, instead I aim for trades using moves with large hitboxes.
I pick this borderline suicidal strat precisely because Sneijder is a ranged fighter.
No matter how super-human Takasob's reaction speed is, Sneijder's close range capabilities are limited.
Gunvarrel on the other hand is designed around up close and personal combat.
Trading hits requires hyper accurate timing, but I've gotten that down after playing hundreds of rounds.
It's been a while since I was able to focus like this.
The police and their little visit helped to raise the tension.
My heart starts beating faster as the battle continues.
I'm all fired up.
My sense of exhaustion turns to pleasure.
Wait, hold on!
It's too soon...
This is the wrong timing.
Please, just wait a little while longer!
Staying focused on the game, I clench my teeth in an attempt to keep my attack at bay.
And then...
Kaito: “Nngh...”
Sound disappears.
Time slows.
My body, once warm and riled up from all the excitement, is suddenly dropping in temperature.
It's like the acid in my stomach is boiling, coming up and melting my esophagus.
My blood is frozen.
I have to endure this everlasting three seconds of hell without taking a single breath.
The problem is that it physically feels like 30 seconds for me.
My mind is clear as day.
I click my tongue, mentally.
It's too early.
We didn't even need the shock equipment for this.
I glance down at my PokeCom screen.
Takasob's life gauge hasn't turned red yet!
This is bad...
Slo-mo only lasts for three seconds in real time.
Now that it's active, it won't line up with the timing when they use their ult!
Goddammit.
Slowly and mercilessly, time continues to march forward.
But I can't sit here and stew in my regret.
As I do my best to withstand the intense pain...
I input as many attacks as I can while Slo-mo is active.
I have to surpass the limits of KB as a game.
I need reaction speeds on par or even greater than this cheater of a CPU.
My light punch whiffs.
I perform a one frame cancel and connect into a combo.
This is the first time that one of my combos successfully connected with Takasob.
If only I could've KO'd them then and there.
But alas, it's not enough.
Takasob still has life left.
One more clean hit will do them in.
Which means...
Their life gauge is glowing red.
Dammit...
That's all they have left?
The air loses its viscosity.
I gasp loudly, seeking to fill my lungs.
The pain doesn't immediately leave me.
My body feels lifeless.
I can barely move a single finger.
And I'm only just managing to stay upright.
Actually, I'm about to fall over.
Kaito: “Hold me up!”
I squeeze out my words
But my voice is so quiet that it feels like it might vanish at any moment.
Nonetheless, I've managed to communicate my will.
Frau immediately embraces me from behind.
And just like that, I'm able to maintain my posture.
However...
The impact of Slo-mo coming to an end caused me to look away from the screen for a split second.
It was a fatal mistake.
Kaito: “?!”
My Gunvarrel and Takasob's Sneijder.
Takasob executes a backstep, putting distance between the two machines.
He's out of Gunvarrel's range.
This is Sneijder's ult range.
At this rate, I'm going to lose.
And if I let this chance go, there is no next time.
Kaito: “Kona!”
It was as though our hearts were connected.
The second I yell, Frau's hands are already on the shock therapy controller.
And without any hesitation, she presses the button.
Kaito: “Gagh...”
I've never triggered attacks consecutively before.
So, this is a gamble.
I'm pretty done with this whole self-harm thing, to be perfectly honest.
So, just listen to me for once, you goddamn brain-dead body!
Kaito: “...”
I'm in!
Another 30 seconds of slow motion.
So a one minute total of Slo-Mo, though with what is quite literally a breather in between.
I have no idea what's going to happen to me. Can my body handle this?
Am I going to die from asphyxiation, or am I just going to faint? In any case, we're crossing into the unknown.
But none of that matters right now.
My body is finally listening to me.
Time to master this awful ailment once and for all!
Takasob's ult has already been activated.
A 1-frame sniper attack at point blank range.
Sneijder fires a needle-like bullet at me.
I evade the first shot with fast reactions.
At that point, the second shot had already been fired.
And I can see it.
Normally I wouldn't be able to see the trajectory of the bullet.
But now I can, clear as day.
I can slip through the bullet by abusing an invisibility frame.
It'd be their one frame vs mine.
One mistake and it's all over.
I dodge all 14 shots and close the distance between us.
My light punch just barely grazes them.
Takasob couldn't block it.
And with that, the match is settled.
As long as the light punch connects, I have about six different combo routes at my disposal.
No matter which one I pick, it'll be a KO. Even just a regular heavy attack would be enough.
So, what do I go with?
Obviously the hardest and flashiest combo. Gotta flex on this bastard.
In this gentle, lonely, and slow passage of time, it takes little effort to input the commands.
I punch in all the resentment that had piled up after hundreds of losses.
Once I input the combo, ensuring my victory, my consciousness flows back into the present.
The lock should be gone now.
Frau should be able to handle the rest.
So, how about I take a little rest?
After all that torture, I managed to trigger two consecutive attacks.
I'm dead tired.
I can't go any further....
I don't even have the energy left to open my eyes.
Frau: “Senpai, you're insane...”
Frau: “Thank you... Epic win...”
Is it just me, or did something soft touch my lips?
My consciousness sinks into the white void before I can get an answer.
