The last time I saw Mama.
It was at the doorway of our home in Tokyo.
It was a small apartment in the center of Tokyo.
Mama, who was forced to have an irregular lifestyle due to her job, would leave at different times on different days.
Some days, she'd leave earlier than Papa, who was an office worker.
Other times, she'd leave in the evening and not come home until morning.
The day I last saw her, it was early in the morning.
Mama was hurriedly preparing for work, circles under her eyes from working all night.
She ate half the bread I prepared for her and only sipped at her coffee.
Mother: “All right, Kona-chan. I'm off.”
Mother: “You only need to make breakfast for Papa, okay?”
Mother: “I think I'll be back in the evening, so let's eat dinner together.”
Frau: “'Kay. Take care, Mama.”
Mother: “See you laaater!”
I knew she was tired from staying up all night, but Mama was as cheerful as always.
Before heading out the door, she turned around to wave to me, then left the house.
But she never came back.
Frau: “...”
When I open my eyes...
...I see a slightly dirty ceiling above me...
...And a dark and dusty room surrounding me.
The PC I left on continues to make its usual sounds.
My hands and feet are cold. They almost feel frozen.
It's like they aren't even my own.
I'm so cold...
But it's not a bad coldness.
Frau: “If only I could be frozen solid for all eternity...”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “Duhuhu.”
Frau: “That was bad. What chuuni shit am I up to, first thing in the morning?”
The shaking of my laughter makes the tears run from my eyes down my temples.
I guess I must've been crying while I slept.
I slowly raise myself up.
I wrap myself in a blanket, indulging in its comfortable, soft feel.
I'm really thirsty.
But I have no drinks at hand. There are a few mineral water bottles on the floor, but they're all empty.
The fridge is near the entrance. I'd have to walk to it. Way too much work for someone who just woke up. Whatever.
I check the Kill-Ballad online match status on the several monitors lined up in front of me.
This is always the first thing I do when I wake up.
I then open the home screen on my PokeCom.
Frau: “Genki-kun, what time is it?”
Genki: “About 9:31 p.m.! It's almost time to go to sleep! But I'm still full of fighting spirit!”
The Genki-kun bot I created answers from my PokeCom's screen.
Frau: “Huh, it's night.”
Three days after arriving on the island, I completely lost my sense of night and day. It's not coming back anytime soon.
Not that it was any different in Tokyo.
I'd wake up in the morning, at noon, at night. Whenever.
When I go to bed varies wildly from day to day.
Frau: “Rosetta-tan, check mail inbox.”
Rosetta: “Okay. You have 1,136 messages.”
Rosetta: “This is after eliminating spam.”
Rosetta: “Six messages from people related to the Frau Koujiro Factory.”
Rosetta: “11 work inquiries.”
Rosetta: “282 seemingly positive messages received from Kill-Ballad users.”
Rosetta: “837 seemingly negative messages.”
Frau: “Yeah, yeah. Complaints and trolls, I get it.”
I'm sure my Twipo account is also filled with slander and all kinds of abuse.
It wasn't this bad when Kill-Ballad was first released.
But once you move 20 million copies, the haters come out in full force.
Not to mention that when I moved here, the mass media caught wind of it. How? No clue.
The fact that Koujiro Frau is just a 17-year-old girl got exposed to the public.
It didn't take long for my info to spread across the net. No putting it back in the box.
Now I get sexually harassed, death threats, and lots of calls where all I can hear is heavy breathing.
I'm sure everyone is just mad that a high school girl managed to strike it rich.
Frau: “Nice jealousy, lmao.”
Frau: “Delete all negative messages.”
Rosetta: “Understood. Deleting now.”
I'm not gonna let the slander get to me.
I have tougher skin than that.
Frau: “...”
I sigh and focus my gaze on a cardboard box in the corner of the room.
That's where I've carefully stored the original genga and production materials for the Gunvarrel anime.
It's already been over two months since the legendary final episode was leaked.
Online, supposed fans are still going over each frame in the 4-minute, 31-second video.
But to me personally...
It's no different to watching pieces of human garbage rape Mama right in front of me over and over again.
I want to throw up. How dare they defile Gunvarrel like this?
I even posted something like that on Twipo.
I hope they find them soon.
Whoever leaked the final episode.
I hope they're found.
It'd be even better if it were Mama.
As long as I have that single ray of light to hold onto...
I'll tough out even the rape, while throwing up.
Frau: “Ah, my chuunibyou is what makes me wonderful.”
Frau: “Though I'm not actually throwing up.”
Frau: “Duhuhu.”
After laughing, I bite my lip hard.
I cut into my skin, the taste of blood filling my mouth.
