I ride along the familiar interstate road on my scooter.
Thanks to the nice weather, the wind isn't so chilly today.
Akiho is riding in front of me, the hem of her skirt waving in the wind.
As always, I wonder how she manages to prevent that thing from flying all over the place.
I feel heavy.
Even driving my scooter sucks.
I haven't recovered yet.
It's been almost a week since I stayed at Frau's place for two nights, grinding away at KB without sleeping.
I haven't been to school since then.
I had to skip when I was over at her place, so it's been eight days since I last showed up.
As expected, two consecutive Slo-mo attacks in a row were just too much.
I've never done anything like that before. For two days after, I couldn't even stand up on my own. I was a mess.
On top of that, because I couldn't play KB properly for a few days, my ranking dropped all the way to fourth place.
Granted, it didn't take me long to climb back up to second, but still.
After everything went down...
Frau told me how the incident wrapped up.
After I broke through the lock, Frau went in and commanded all the robots to cease all functionality.
And just like that, the RIICH Series was stopped before they could attack the government building proper.
At nearly the same time, power was restored all throughout Tokyo.
The chaos from the incident still persists, especially on the economic side, but people are returning to their daily lives.
After I passed out, the policemen who visited called an ambulance and had me taken to the hospital.
As for Frau? Well, the cops took her in and questioned her as a person of interest.
She was swinging by the police station almost daily for a while, but at no point was she arrested.
People are still pushing the "Furugoori family culprit theory" online, blaming the two for the incident.
Lots of people declared that they were quitting the Gunvarrel fandom, and the user numbers for KB dropped hard.
But whatever, they're free to say what they want.
The real truth resides elsewhere. Frau did really well.
But...
Though we avoided the worst case scenario...
It's now clear to me that the Kimijima Reports aren't a conspiracy theory. They're a clear and present threat.
The Committee of 300 and the Tavistock Institute are secretly pushing their plan to eradicate humanity forward.
Another large solar storm is slated to occur in the year 2020.
I have a real bad feeling about this.
But what am I supposed to do? How do I fix this?
Akiho: “Hey, hey. Kai?”
After parking her scooter, Akiho walks over with a grin.
Akiho: “Wanna come to the Robot Clinic with me after school?”
Akiho: “I have something to show you.”
Kaito: “What's up?”
Akiho: “We're getting close to reaching a solution for GunBuild-2's drive system.”
Kaito: “Hoh. So did you decide to use the monopoles?”
Akiho: “Shhhhh!”
Akiho: “D-Don't say it out loud here.”
Akiho looks around anxiously.
After making sure nobody overheard us, she lets out a sigh of relief.
Akiho: “Anyway, Doc totally found his groove.”
Akiho: “He's building us a whole bunch of prototypes right now.”
Akiho: “I wanted you to see them too.”
Kaito: “I doubt there'd be much point to me seeing them.”
Akiho: “You should still check them out. You're the one who found the first one, after all.”
Akiho: “Haaah, now all that's left is to convince Frau Bow to handle the programming.”
Kaito: “...”
Eh, I suppose I could swing by the abandoned hotel today.
She's probably locked in there like she always is.
I pass through the front gate of the school, and just as I'm about to head for the classroom...
Frau: “Yashio-senpai, ktkr!”
A familiar voice stops me.
Judging by the person's bizarre choice of words...
Frau: “Duhuhu, did you think I was some hot dude or something?”
Frau: “Bzzzt! T-Too bad. It was me, Frau-chan!”
Frau dashes over after delivering her incomprehensible greeting.
Akiho: “Frau Bow?! But you never come to school!”
Frau: “H-Hi there, Prez-senpai.”
Frau: “Actually, I-I wanted to ask you something.”
Frau: “H-How come you're always next to Yashio-senpai in the girlfriend position like it's no big deal?!”
Akiho: “Huh? G-Girlfriend position...?”
Kaito: “Hey, Kona-chan? Don't you think it's a little too early for this?”
Kaito: “Anyway, have you decided to attend classes like a normal student?”
Frau: “Er, n-not quite.”
Frau: “I'm here to participate in the Robotics Club's activities.”
Frau: “I made my decision after what Yashio-senpai said to me.”
She then wraps herself around my arm.
She's being a little too touchy-feely for my tastes, but just as I'm about to shake her off...
I realize something.
Frau: “I decided to do whatever I can...”
Frau: “To make Gunvarrel shine again.”
Frau's small hands are trembling.
She'd been a shut-in for who knows how many years.
I can't even imagine how scary it must be for her to suddenly come back to school.
And yet despite her fear.
Frau's doing her best to move forward with her head held high.
Frau's true life is finally about to begin.
Right here on this island where her mom lived, even if it was only for a short period of time.
I know it's pretty late to be saying this, but...
Kaito: “Welcome to Tanegashima, Kona-chan.”
