Sparks scatter about.
Welding these thick iron plates is my job.
The work involves patiently connecting the iron plates in a shape as directed by the blueprints.
If I lose focus, its overall strength would take a hit, causing damage once assembled.
So, I have to be careful.
Despite how I might look, I'm pretty experienced at this sort of thing.
I've been helping with welding at the Robot Clinic ever since GunBuild-1.
Honestly, I'm pretty confident that I'd do really well if I went to work at a local factory.
Ah, I know! Even if I don't go to college, I can make a living working somewhere like Kamata Motors.
Old Man Kamata can't refuse me if I really beg him. He's kind of a pushover.
I'm sure I could pressure him into hiring me.
All right. That'll be my last resort.
And so I continue to focus on my welding work. That's when I feel a light pat on the back.
I stop and raise my head.
Subaru looked at me with a sour face.
Akiho: “What's wrong?”
Subaru: “Prez, Doc is calling for you.”
Akiho: “Where is he?”
Subaru: “Outside.”
Doc collapsed in September due to illness and went to Kagoshima for surgery last month.
Despite only having been discharged around 10 days ago, he's even livelier than he was before the surgery. That's how much energy he's recovered.
Remember how he raised his voice and berated me for wanting to make GunBuild-2, saying he'd never cooperate with me again? Yeah, about that...
Now it's the exact opposite.
Not that I'm complaining. I'm not banned from the Clinic anymore.
If anything, you could probably argue that Doc's been on a bit of rampage lately.
Subaru: “What are you going to do?”
Akiho: “I mean, I have to go.”
I sigh and stand up.
I make my way outside.
It's nice out today; warm enough to get by in short sleeves despite it being November.
But the sun sets early now.
It's only around 5:00, but the sky is already stained orange.
I've been sitting and working for a while now, so my back hurts a little.
I look up at the dusk sky and stretch out my back.
Fujita: “Yo, what took you so long?”
Doc is waiting with a grin on his face.
He smiles a lot more now.
He's not so grumpy these days.
I guess he's kinda softened up? Though that still doesn't feel right.
Akiho: “What's up?”
Fujita: “Take a look at this.”
Doc pushes a cart from the scrap yard out back.
In the cardboard box on top of it is a unique looking part.
It's shaped like a bowl.
But it's really big.
It could probably hold 30 times as much rice as your average bowl.
Fujita: “What do you think this is?”
Subaru: “A parabolic antenna?”
Fujita: “Subaru, what're you talkin' about? Have you gone blind?”
Subaru: “...”
Fujita: “I'm sure you know, Robotics Club.”
Doc continues to look at me with a grin on his face.
Akiho: “Before I answer, can you please explain why you call Subaru by his name but still insist on calling me Robotics Club?”
Akiho: “You do know I have a name, right?”
Fujita: “Don't get stuck on the details again. I decided a while ago that I'd call the president of the Robotics Club by Robotics Club.”
Fujita: “If you got a problem with that, quit being the president.”
That's ridiculous...
Fujita: “Anyway, don't change the subject. I asked you what you think this is.”
Akiho: “A vernier?”
Fujita: “Haha! I knew I could count on you, Robotics Club.”
He cheerfully laughs and pats my shoulder.
Fujita: “That's exactly right. This is a homemade vernier thruster.”
Fujita: “This'll go on Model-2 and—”
Akiho: “No, it won't!”
I cut Doc off before he can finish.
Akiho: “GunBuild-2 isn't going to fly! Or even jump!”
Fujita: “Then modify it so it can fly.”
Akiho: “GunBuild-2 wasn't built for that!”
Akiho: “If he flew, his legs would get crushed when he landed!”
Fujita: “Now, now. Hold your horses.”
Doc interrupts me.
Fujita: “The Space Center has a facility for rocket engine combustion tests, right?”
Fujita: “Just borrow the joint. I'll provide the fuel and—”
Akiho: “I told you, we're not attaching a vernier!”
Fujita: “Then how about we attach it to Model-1?”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1's too heavy to fly! And how would we control its attitude?”
Fujita: “That's outside of my field of expertise.”
Akiho: “Wow... You straight up admitted it...”
Fujita: “Listen, giant robots and vernier thrusters go together. You of all people should get that, Robotics Club.”
Akiho: “I get it! Of course I do!”
I nod as hard as I can, and Subaru flashes me a cold glare.
Akiho: “But that's only in mecha anime.”
Akiho: “GunBuild-2 doesn't have the ability to fly.”
If we built it under the assumption it would fly, sure, we'd need vernier thrusters. But we didn't.
Fujita: “Then it doesn't have to fly.”
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Fujita: “It doesn't have to fly. Just do fuel injection with the vernier thrusters.”
Fujita: “By the way, we'll be attaching a total of 10 vernier thrusters.”
Akiho: “Er, six on the back?”
Fujita: “Hell no. Four.”
Akiho: “Then three on each calf? Talk about high mobility.”
I try imagining the form.
Super thick legs. The calves would be thicker than the thighs.
Akiho: “Mrmm... I'm getting fired up!”
Fujita: “We could give it a hover function while we're at it and move it around with vernier propulsion. Not bad, right?”
Akiho: “Hehe, like ‘He used me as a springboard?’ In that case, we should paint the body black and purple to—”
Subaru: “AHEM!”
Subaru clears his throat as loudly as possible.
Subaru: “What are you two talking about?”
Two people: “The Black Tri-Stars.”
Subaru: “Utter nonsense.”
Subaru's cold gaze quickly returns me to my senses.
Akiho: “R-Right! Yeah! That's nonsense!”
Akiho: “Doc, we're not equipping him with verniers! Really, I mean it!”
Fujita: “Psh, you kids are lame.”
Akiho: “If you have time to make verniers, make the parabolic antenna!”
Akiho: “One with a clean mirror surface and no distortions.”
Fujita: “How much?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Fujita: “I'll do it, for the right price. But it's gonna cost you.”
My ridiculous order comes with an equally ridiculous price.
I recoil and flee into the store.
Akiho: “Hahh...”
Akiho: “Doc has gotten too energetic.”
Subaru: “Agreed.”
It's actually kind of a pain.
Plus, he keeps bringing up ideas that he totally knows hit my strike zone.
Akiho: “Urrggh, we can't underestimate Doc!”
Akiho: “I never knew he was such a mad scientist!”
Subaru: “I too thought he was more of a serious engineer. I'm quite disappointed.”
Subaru: “The stupidity radiating off the two of you while you talked made me dizzy.”
Akiho: “I dare you to say that to his face.”
Subaru: “I refuse.”
Subaru sits down on a stool, a composed expression on his face.
Subaru: “Besides, how can you be so calm when Model-2's assembly is so far behind schedule?”
Akiho: “Er, well, um...”
Akiho: “I'm sure things'll work out as long as we all combine our powers!”
Plus, the processing of parts is already about 60% complete.
Akiho: “Once assembly begins in earnest, we'll be done in no time. Yup.”
Subaru: “In that case, I recommend going to persuade Furugoori immediately.”
For the drive system?
An electric motor or a hydraulic motor. We still haven't decided, so we can't move forward. I get it.
Akiho: “We're waiting on Doc to finish his tests, right?”
Subaru: “You really think that's going to be usable?”
Subaru: “If you put all your eggs in one basket and that thing ends up being a bust, it's just going to be more work.”
The thing that Subaru is talking around...
Well, it's the monopole that Kai found.
When Doc got discharged 10 days ago...
I made up my mind and tried discussing the strange material with him.
Fujita: “What the... hell is this?”
Akiho: “A monopole... Or so I've been told.”
Fujita: “I've never seen such a ridiculous thing in my whole life...”
Fujita: “I'm damn shocked you've been carrying this around. It could explode and take all of Tanegashima with it.”
Akiho: “I-Is it seriously that dangerous?”
Fujita: “The hell if know. How could I? This is a first in human history.”
Akiho: “Think we could use this for GunBuild-2's electric motor?”
Akiho: “Could you look into it? In secret from JAXA.”
Fujita: “...”
Akiho: “Please!”
Fujita: “Hehehe, now this is what I'm talkin' about!”
Fujita: “I never thought I'd ever get this excited at my age!”
Fujita: “Looks like that surgery was completely worth it.”
Fujita: “And you want me to look into this thing in secret?”
Fujita: “Don't blame me if you regret it. If this is really a monopole, it might be a double-edged sword, or Pandora's Box.”
Fujita: “That's how ridiculous this could be.”
Fujita: “Naturally, if word of its existence leaked, it could cause conflict on a global scale.”
Fujita: “This little sucker could bring vast wealth. But it could also bring enough misery to make all of that worthless.”
Fujita: “Are you sure about this?”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
Akiho: “If we can use it to move GunBuild-2, let's do it.”
Fujita: “Heh. I don't know if you're fearless, got nerves of steel, or if you're just plain stupid.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Once the Expo is over, we're going to bring it to a proper research organization.”
Akiho: “And I only plan to use it for GunBuild-2.”
Fujita: “All right. Give me some time.”
Fujita: “Also, make this the Robotics Club's little secret. Don't go tellin' anyone else.”
Fujita: “Definitely not that bastard, Mitsuhiko. He's a goddamn idiot.”
Fujita: “I'll let you know when I'm done looking into it. Until then, don't even mention the monopole to me.”
Fujita: “Got it?”
And so we've been waiting on Doc to finish his research.
Whether we'll be able to use the monopole in an electric motor...
That'll have a huge effect on the drive system.
But...
Akiho: “We gotta convince Frau Bow to help us.”
Subaru nods.
Subaru: “Whether Model-2 moves or not is completely dependent on its programming.”
No matter what the research results are, Model-2's systems will be built by Frau Bow.
If Frau Bow doesn't do the work, GunBuild-2 will never be complete.
Her role is huge.
I've already attempted to get her help on multiple occasions.
But Frau Bow's completely closed herself off as of late.
I mean, she was always a shut-in.
But now it's even worse than before.
She won't even let Kai, the person closest to her, into her room anymore.
Though I don't know what those two were up to when they were alone.
Subaru: “Not to mention, the Expo inspection is next month.”
General public giant robot entries have two inspections: one two months prior, and one right before.
It's a special rule for this year's Expo. The first inspection only requires us to send in a video.
We need to show the robot moving properly and explain our theme for it.
As president, I'll be the one handling the latter.
That's a written submission.
Akiho: “By the way, I decided on the theme.”
Akiho: “Bringing all of humanity peace and courage through the power of love and justice!”
Akiho: “So, how is it? What do you think? Sounds like a mecha anime, right?”
Subaru: “It's nonsense.”
Subaru: “What an overplayed, ancient concept. What is this, the stone age?”
Subaru: “Are you even taking this seriously?”
Akiho: “Mrgrgrgr...”
Why does he have to be so merciless?
There's no way this punk has any friends.
Anyway, putting that aside.
I gotta do something about Frau Bow.
But what can I even do?
I'm not feeling too confident about this...
