Kaito: “Yo, Aki-chan.”
After a day of doing our own things, I poke my head into Akiho's room, and Madam President—my childhood friend—is sprawled out on her bed.
She's staring at her PokeCom in said position.
The screen says that there's a call to "Big Sis" in progress.
Akiho notices me enter, hangs up, and sits up.
Akiho: “Kai, did you see on TV?”
Kaito: “Nope. I got the general idea off of net news and Twipo though.”
Akiho: “Tokyo's crazy right now.”
Kaito: “So I hear.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho's not doing so good.
Well, I had a feeling she'd be like this.
Kaito: “Any contact with Misa-nee?”
Akiho: “Nope...”
The solar storm scored a direct hit on eastern Japan. Tokyo is experiencing major blackouts all over.
The capital is pretty much entirely paralyzed.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, got any candy?”
Akiho: “Yeah, I got one.”
There's a bag of Space Candy in her room. I take one out and pop it into my mouth.
Kaito: “Tokyo's having blackouts, right? Didn't they say it'd take about two hours to restore things?”
Akiho: “Wha? I heard it'd be a week or more.”
Kaito: “Whoa, hold on. There's a huge difference between two hours and a week.”
Akiho: “Hrm, info is really all over the place. It's hard to tell what's true or not...”
Akiho: “They say calls aren't connecting because everyone is trying to contact their loved ones at once.”
Akiho: “But other places are saying it's because the base stations and switches are down from the blackout.”
Kaito: “If it's actually just too congested, you should be able to connect after waiting a little bit.”
Kaito: “But if the base stations are knocked out, it might take some time to get everything up and running again.”
Akiho: “I was watching the news, but it wasn't even being broadcast from Tokyo.”
Akiho: “It was from Osaka. Special news reports are always from Tokyo.”
Akiho: “Ah...”
Akiho is looking at Twipo on her PokeCom as she exclaims.
Akiho: “Kai, look!”
She beckons me over, and I sit next to her to look at her PokeCom.
Kaito: “What is this? A screen cap? It's blank.”
Akiho: “It's not! This is a live broadcast!”
Now that you mention it, I can hear helicopter sounds.
Akiho: “According to the captions, they're over Tokyo in a helicopter.”
Kaito: “This is over Tokyo...?”
The entire screen is darkness.
Pitch black.
There's not a single light to be found anywhere.
Akiho raises the video volume.
Reporter: “It's pitch black! Even Tokyo, which is often called the sleepless city, has not a single light left to illuminate it!”
The reporter is nearly screaming.
Reporter: “Usually, business men commute home at this hour, with restaurants and the like lighting up the night's sky!”
Reporter: “We're looking at, uh, possibly a residential area. Several homes appear to be burning, lighting the area!”
Reporter: “The 14 million residents of Tokyo are somewhere in this darkness, anxiously waiting for power to be restored!”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “Even our island is brighter than this.”
Akiho: “People are saying that this storm might've been stronger than the one that hit America during the summer.”
Akiho mutters, startling me.
I think back on the Kimijima Reports.
“If Project Atum were to fail in 2015, the next majorsolar storms are predicted to arrive in 2019 and2020. After that, the Sun will enter a period ofstability for a short while.”
“In other words, this period of maximum solar activity is aconvenient trigger for the Committee of 300. It would not bean incorrect assumption to say that for the next decade,Earth will be a favorable testingground for theCommittee of 300.”
Kaito: “A large-scale solar storm in 2019.”
Kaito: “There was that one in summer, so I wrote it off and thought we were safe.”
Kaito: “But you're telling me this one was stronger?”
The one that hit the NA west coast in the summer caused riots in cities. It took over a month for things to settle.
And because of that, I can't help but be concerned that Tokyo is in danger.
Plus, it's the metropolis with the highest population in the world. The heart of our government and economy.
What's going to happen now that Tokyo is paralyzed?
Akiho: “Hey, Kai? Big Sis is going to be okay, right?”
Akiho is uneasy, but I don't have the words to comfort her.
After all, there's no way for us to get accurate info on Tokyo from all the way over here.
I personally tried calling Misa-nee several times, but she didn't pick up.
It feels unreal.
How many times have I felt this sensation since the year began?
Sure, the news says that Tokyo has been hit by city-wide blackouts and that all functionality has ceased.
But to us on Tanegashima, looking at this mess of info, it all just seems so distant.
We can't even imagine how the people in Tokyo feel right now, how they're getting through tonight.
Kaito: “Tokyo is... too far away.”
