I'm getting hungry...
And I'm sleepy. My head feels hollow.
But I still somehow manage to keep moving my fingers around.
My concentration is fading.
I'm misinputting more than when I first began playing.
Earlier, I had so many near-wins, but now I can't even get close.
I've beaten myself up pretty badly, but still no attacks.
Which means I haven't been able to win.
Kaito: “What time is it?”
Frau: “Eight.”
Kaito: “At night?”
Frau: “At night.”
Frau has been up with me the whole time, so her expression is as empty as mine.
She occasionally shakes her body, probably because she's trying to stop herself from falling asleep.
This is depressing.
I blame it on this room's gloomy atmosphere.
I didn't think that depriving myself of sunlight for this long would make me feel so terrible.
It's like a cycle. No wonder shut-ins can't get out of it.
The air is dirty too. I'm probably breathing in nothing but dust.
Even the PC fan's low-frequency noise is starting to hurt my ears.
At least the AC is finally off thanks to my complaints.
Frau seems to find the cold calming, and says she becomes more alert.
She finally agreed to turn the AC off once she realized my fingers were freezing, making me play worse.
Kaito: “Hey, Kona-chan. Are you still wearing the same clothes as yesterday?”
Frau's still wearing her loose-fitting camisole and sweat shorts.
Frau: “Duhuhu. H-How long have you been hallucinating that I've been wearing the same clothes?”
Kaito: “So, you changed?”
Frau: “Nope.”
Then I'm not hallucinating.
Frau: “B-But you're in no position to complain, Senpai...”
Kaito: “Oh, right. We're birds of a feather.”
Kaito: “I bet your hair must smell super bad.”
Frau: “I-I can get away without bathing. That's my special privilege as a shut-in. 2ez.”
Kaito: “Says the girl who takes cold baths.”
Frau: “Hush, you.”
Since I've suffered through multiple cold baths in an attempt to trigger an attack, I'm actually pretty clean.
Frau: “S-Senpai, you look like you're dying. Are you gonna be o-okay like this?”
Kaito: “No, I'm not. I can't get Slo-mo to engage.”
Kaito: “I didn't think it'd be so tough.”
I figured triggering an attack would be easy as pie.
Kaito: “Whew...”
I catch my breath.
Either way, now that my concentration is busted, even if I did trigger Slo-mo, I'd lose.
Frau: “Ah, S-Senpai.”
Frau's watching the news or something on her PokeCom as she grabs my arm and shakes me.
Kaito: “What's up...?”
Frau: “The blackouts in Tokyo... They're saying the power should be completely restored before noon.”
Kaito: “So that's our time limit...”
Guess I'll take another cold bath and try to get my focus up.
The tub is still filled to the brim with water.
I don't have the time to consider whether or not Frau is watching.
I strip naked and drag myself into the bathroom.
The second I hop into the tub, I immediately hop back out.
Kaito: “AAIEEEE! It's so cold!”
And just like that, I'm wide awake.
After hastily wiping myself down with a towel, I head back to the room.
Frau: “Duhuhu....”
Frau: “H-How naughty.”
Kaito: “Hey now, try not to stare so much.”
Getting stared at is embarrassing. Come on.
I hurriedly toss my clothes back on.
But my body's still freezing cold, so I'm shaking.
Frau: “I-If possible, I wanted to gaze upon your n-nude bod for a little longer...”
Frau: “Especially your collarbone!”
Frau: “Why isn't Four Eyes here?!”
Kaito: “Stop being such a perv, please?”
Does this girl have no shame?
Wait a sec... If she has no problem staring at me naked, does that mean she's already been to home base?
But then I remember that she was going on about being a virgin just the other day.
Kaito: “Hey, Kona-chan? Are you a virgin?”
Frau: “Exactly. Th-That is indeed correct!”
Kaito: “I'm kinda surprised that being around a naked dude doesn't freak you out.”
Frau: “Duhuhu, fool...”
Frau: “I've gazed longingly at all sorts of naked men... In thin-books, that is. 2ez.”
Kaito: “...”
I have no idea what a thin-book is, but I get the feeling it's something dirty.
Kaito: “Anyhow, have you gotten any leads yet?”
Frau: “Nada...”
Kaito: “Well then...”
Frau: “B-But just you watch. I'm going to find something!”
Kaito: “Now that you mention it, I remember reading about this hacker in a book.”
Kaito: “Apparently, there's a tried and true way of breaching any kind of security system.”
Frau: “Deets plz.”
Kaito: “It doesn't involve any sophisticated hacking programs or difficult techniques.”
Kaito: “In a way, pretty much anyone could pull it off.”
Kaito: “You basically just gotta get in touch with the developer of the security system and have them give you the PW.”
Basically, you get close to them as a friend, or a lover, or even a business partner.
The closer you are to them, the more often you'll be invited into situations where they'll let their guard down.
Kaito: “Pretty analogue, right?”
Kaito: “At the end of the day, no matter how tight a security system may be, there's always a human element to it.”
Kaito: “And humans makes mistakes. We let things fall through the cracks from time to time.”
Kaito: “It's a lot easier to approach things from that angle.”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “I-I never considered that.”
Frau: “But if that's the case, then...”
Frau frowns and sprawls herself out on the sofa.
She holds her head and buries her face into a pillow.
I hope my little story acts as food for thought for her.
At the end of the day, finding the culprit is on her.
I'll do what I can.
Tomorrow morning is our deadline.
Come hell or high water, I have to trigger Slo-mo by then.
With a newfound resolve, I pick up my PokeCom.
