Sister Centipede: “Kimijima Report No. 5 has been downloaded.”
I'm not going to be able to focus and read it here.
Time to switch locations.
I slip into the clubroom and plop down on the round chair.
Now then.
Let's take a looksee at this report...
Kaito: “...”
Shit, I'm nervous.
My finger trembles a little as I navigate my PokeCom's menus.
Kaito: “Hahahah... What am I so scared of?”
I force a smile to mask my own fear.
The first time I saw one of these Kimijima Reports, I wanted to laugh at what it said.
But now? I'm surprised at the fact that I can't laugh it off anymore.
I open the report.
Kaito: “...”
I can't even understand half of it.
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, can you summarize this for me?”
Sister Centipede: “With the Sun entering a period of maximum activity, Earth's magnetosphere has become unstable as well.”
Sister Centipede: “Using that, the Committee is attempting to artificially induce a phenomenon not unlike a solar corona in the magnetosphere.”
Kaito: “Wow! I totally get it now! Well done.”
Sister Centipede: “Thank you very much.”
Using the Sun's abnormal activity, they can cause an explosion that occurs near the Sun, only near Earth instead?
Kaito: “It really is like the final episode of Gunvarrel.”
According to Kogoori Minami's warning, the Gunvarrel anime was propaganda made with the assistance of the Tavistock Institute.
But what exactly were they trying to make people think?
Watching Gunvarrel never resulted in me getting any ideas...
Kaito: “This needs to be made public...”
Kaito: “This is bad... If what's written here is true, humanity's screwed.”
I never thought I'd say those words out loud and mean it.
This sort of unreal craziness was supposed to be limited to movies and anime.
I mean, fiction is filled with these sorts of apocalyptic scenarios.
So, now that humanity's in trouble for real, I can't help but think that this is a movie or something.
None of this feels real.
It doesn't seem possible.
No matter how many times I've been warned.
Even after a solar storm unleashed its fury on North America.
Even with that bizarre aurora hovering in the sky above the island.
None of it feels real.
If I publicized the reports, people'd laugh them off as conspiracy theory nonsense like I did at first.
Who would believe some random high schooler going public with this kind of info?
Hell, it's more than likely that I'd become the laughing stock of the world.
Maybe I should wait and see for a bit.
If I went public with this and things got crazy, I'd have even less time to game.
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, give me the flag info for the next Kimijima Report.”
Sister Centipede: “Downloading unlock conditions (flags) to make Kimijima Report No. 6's AR annotation visible.”
Sister Centipede: “Download complete.”
Sister Centipede: “The flags for Report No. 6 are as follows.”
Sister Centipede: “1. ‘Discover Kimijima Report No. 5.’ Note from Sister Centipede: ‘Flag No. 1 has already been completed.’”
Sister Centipede: “2. ‘Record a high score on JAXA Masuda Tracking and Communication Center's satellite tracking game.’”
Sister Centipede: “3. ‘Gather 100 lost golf balls at the Cosmo Resort's golf course.’”
Sister Centipede: “4. ‘Ride a wave for three or more seconds on a geotagged surfboard.’”
Sister Centipede: “That is all.”
Kaito: “Really now...”
This guy wants me to go surfing at this time of the year?
Not to mention, I've never surfed in my entire life. I'm the most amateur of amateurs.
Stop assuming that every dude on Tanegashima can surf!
Ah, good grief.
I can't be burning time like this.
What the hell was Kimijima Kou thinking when he came up with such annoying flags?
Did he even care about this info getting out?
I'm extremely irritated.
