My eyes are hazy.
I can't see my PokeCom screen very well.
How long have I been awake now?
I haven't checked the time in a while.
Looking at the clock makes me anxious, rendering me unable to focus on KB.
I have to be ready for Slo-mo to trigger at any moment.
My body has clearly surpassed its limits. I can definitely feel the bomb deep inside of me.
But all I can do now is wait.
My back feels heavy.
Which is hardly a surprise, as Frau's leaning her back on mine.
It's annoying. I'd rather shake her off. However, I really don't have the energy to do so, and I'm also leaning against her, so I let it be.
I can feel Frau's slow-paced breathing through her slender back.
The rhythm isn't altogether unpleasant.
But man, my body itches...
I've been taking cold baths every now and then, but I still haven't bathed properly.
Plus, fighting Takasob is really intense.
So, I end up covered in sweat even though the room isn't particularly hot.
We're just a couple of sweaty teens sitting for hours upon hours in a dark, dirty, abandoned room.
It would be outrageous, but we've only been playing this game.
Kaito: “I can't win...”
How many times have I lost?
I'm pretty sure the number has at least three digits.
I'm becoming numb. I don't feel anything from losing anymore.
I restart the battle like it's some mindless task.
Kaito: “This is really not good.”
Not that I wasn't already aware of it.
With my body so far gone and the hours I've spent in this dark room...
...My sense of urgency is fading.
All five of my senses are fading.
Frau: “L-Lies!”
Frau suddenly yells out loud.
I can feel her back trembling through my skin.
I snap back to attention.
Was I about to fall asleep just now...?
Not good.
I slap my cheeks as hard as I can to reinvigorate myself.
Frau's no longer leaning against me.
I turn to see her pacing back and forth across the room.
Frau: “Ugh, dammit. How did it come to this...?”
Kaito: “What's up?”
Frau: “Why... Why? IDGI.”
Frau: “This can't be... I'm going to punch the wall.”
Frau: “This just can't be... It's impossible.”
Frau: “It has to be some kind of mistake...”
She's deliriously talking to herself.
This must be a pretty big deal.
Kaito: “Kona-chan!”
Frau: “Ngh.”
Frau's body jerks after I yell at her.
Kaito: “What's going on?”
Frau: “Senpai...”
Frau: “Sen...pai...”
Tears descend down her cheeks.
Frau: “I-I know who set me up...”
Kaito: “You found the culprit?”
Frau: “I did, but...”
Frau: “This has to be a mistake...”
Frau: “This is too much...”
Kaito: “Who is it?”
Frau: “...”
Frau seems reluctant to say anything.
She looks down, avoiding eye contact with me.
Frau: “I don't want to believe it...”
Frau: “This would just be full-on traitory. That's just common sense.”
All right. I have a pretty good idea of who it is.
Kaito: “Is it someone you know?”
Frau raises her face.
She stares at me as if she's clinging to me with every fiber of her being.
Kaito: “Am I right?”
She quickly nods her head.
Frau: “He's a member of my group.”
Frau: “His handle is Maguyan...”
Kaito: “You mean the group that developed Kill-Ballad?”
Frau: “Y-Yeah, the Frau Koujiro Factory.”
Including Frau, there are five members of the factory.
They all got to know each other in an online community about Gunvarrel. All five of them vary in age and gender.
By Frau's suggestion, they all put their skills together and created the record-breaking hit game KB.
Frau: “Maguyan kinda served as support for my programming work.”
Frau: “He was the most chill out of the five of us, but...”
Kaito: “Can you get in touch with him?”
Frau: “E-Everyone else got in touch to tell me they're okay.”
Frau: “But I haven't heard from Maguyan...”
Kaito: “Why don't you try calling him?”
Frau: “But...”
Kaito: “He might be the perp that dirtied your precious Gunvarrel, Kona-chan.”
Kaito: “Are you going to just let it go?”
Frau shook her head in refusal.
Frau: “I-I don't know for sure that he's the one...”
Kaito: “But you have some evidence now, right?”
Frau: “It's all circumstantial evidence.”
Frau: “I spoke to all the other members of the Factory...”
Frau: “Y-You mentioned that super simple way of breaching any security system earlier...”
Frau: “After hearing that, I realized the only people who know the PWs to my accounts are those in my group.”
Frau: “B-But I didn't think it'd actually end up being true...”
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “You should call him.”
Frau: “B-But I'm a dandere... B-Besides, I wouldn't know what to say...”
Kaito: “Then do whatever makes you happy.”
Kaito: “But this Maguyan may or may not be the culprit.”
Kaito: “I personally think you need to find out for sure, one way or the other. You need closure.”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “I-I'll try giving him a call...”
Nearly in tears, Frau pulls out her PokeCom.
Frau: “Rosetta, call Maguyan.”
Rosetta: “Roger that. Calling now.”
The PokeCom screen changes over.
But no matter how long she stays connected, nobody answers.
Frau: “No answer... I knew it...”
I look at the clock. It's 3:00 a.m.
I suppose most people wouldn't answer at this hour.
Frau: “D-Did he run away?”
She asks like she's trying to get a feel for my mood.
Almost as if she's wishing he actually did.
But as if to sneer at that...
After about a minute of staying on the line, the call goes through.
A severely underweight man appears on her screen.
Where is he? It looks super dark over there. Is he in a car?
Frau: “Whoa, M-Maguyan?”
Maguyan: “Heya, Frau-chan.”
Frau: “You used to be kinda chubby, no?”
Frau: “Y-You look like a completely different person now...”
Maguyan: “...”
Maguyan: “You calling me can only mean one thing... You've figured it out.”
Frau: “...!”
Maguyan: “That's right. I placed the lock on RI's server.”
Maguyan: “And to make it look like you did it, I hijacked your Twipo account.”
Hey now! I didn't think he'd just admit to it so easily.
I didn't see that coming.
Frau: “But wh-why...?”
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “Are you the one behind those cheater CPU bots of the three dead KB players?”
Maguyan: “Who're you?”
Kaito: “It doesn't matter.”
Maguyan: “You're right. I created the three cheater bots.”
Kaito: “So, it's your fault that I've been stuck in rank five purgatory all this time.”
Kaito: “Why did the cheat tool keep returning blanks?”
Maguyan: “I'm the one who made that tool.”
Maguyan: “I can modify it easily.”
Well that clears that up.
And here I was doing battle with those assholes for real. I feel stupid.
I don't like this.
Frau gently grabs my hand without warning.
Surprised, I glance at Frau only to find her eyes affixed to the screen.
Even I'm not so cruel as to shake off her hand at a time like this.
Frau, after taking a short breath, mumbles out her words.
Frau: “D-Did you kill them...?”
Frau: “Did you kill the owners of the accounts...?”
Maguyan: “I-I didn't!”
Kaito: “What's the point of lying now?”
Maguyan: “It's true! I didn't do it! I swear!”
Frau: “Then who did...?”
Maguyan: “Probably the people who threatened me!”
Maguyan: “They kidnapped my wife and kid...”
Maguyan: “They told me to do as they say if I didn't want to find my family dead.”
Kaito: “You mean this isn't a one-man operation? Who were these people that you say were threatening you?”
Maguyan: “I-I don't know... I've never met them before...”
Maguyan: “But I haven't seen my wife and kid in more than six months now...”
Maguyan: “I honestly have no idea what's going on, but when I think about what could happen to my family, I...”
An unpleasant thought crosses my mind.
A conspiracy... In his quest to reveal a conspiracy to the world, Kimijima Kou fled to Tanegashima.
All the while fleeing from the Tavistock Institute. Yet he got murdered.
Frau's mom, Kogoori Minami, tried to stop an anime from being used as a propaganda tool and was forced to flee.
She's been missing for four years. The Gunvarrel anime staff who tried to save Kogoori Minami were ruthlessly murdered.
Kaito: “Does the Tavistock Institute or the Committee of 300 ring any bells...?”
Maguyan: “I-I can't say.”
What's that supposed to mean?
Maguyan: “If I talk about them, my family will be...”
Maguyan's face goes pale.
I guess that's a good enough answer.
He's basically saying yes.
Maguyan: “I just... I just did what I was told... I was threatened and forced to cooperate, I swear.”
Maguyan mumbles as if to comfort himself.
Maguyan: “I wasn't the one that hijacked RI's OS, nor was I the one that killed the cheaters! I swear!”
Maguyan: “Please believe me!”
Frau: “...”
Frau hangs her head as her lips quiver.
Kaito: “I don't really give a damn about your situation.”
Kaito: “But you wouldn't happen to be able to undo the lock from your end, would you?”
Maguyan: “I can't... If I do that, my family will die...”
Kaito: “It's all right. I'll handle it on my end then.”
Though I'm not actually sure whether I'll be able to pull it off or not.
Kaito: “I wonder what the guys who threatened you are after...”
Kaito: “What's their end game? Why make a bunch of robots go wild?”
Maguyan: “They said that their ultimate target was the Tokyo Government Building.”
Maguyan: “They're going to assault it before the power comes back so that they can further cripple the capitol.”
Kaito: “Is that what the men behind all of this told you?”
Maguyan: “Not directly, but they did instruct me to target that building.”
Maguyan: “They're gathering at Kasumigaseki and Nagata-cho as we speak.”
Maguyan: “Since power is scheduled to return to all of Tokyo by tomorrow morning, the attack should begin soon.”
Kaito: “And you're okay with telling us that much?”
Maguyan: “Nothing can stop things now, and with Tokyo in chaos, the police won't be able to handle it themselves.”
Things are more dire than I thought.
But it all doesn't quite seem real to me through the monitor's screen.
Kaito: “Then I have to defeat Takasob before the blackouts ends.”
Maguyan: “You'll never break the lock.”
Maguyan: “I used the three bots that I created to collect data from the top players for six months.”
Maguyan: “Takasob can handle any pattern imaginable.”
So, those bots were just stepping stones for Takasob?
Kaito: “Doesn't matter. I'm winning.”
Kaito: “I gotta keep moving forward if I'm gonna be the best in the world.”
Maguyan: “Useless effort...”
Frau: “Maguyan...”
Frau: “Why... Why does it need to be us?”
Maguyan: “Eh?”
Frau: “Th-The people who threatened you...”
Frau: “I was wondering why they targeted us...”
Frau: “What did we ever do?”
Maguyan: “It's not 'us'.”
Maguyan: “You're their only real target, Frau-chan.”
Maguyan: “That's what was written in the letter.”
Maguyan: “They don't intend on killing my family.”
Maguyan: “But they did say that Kogoori Minami's daughter had to be sacrificed.”
Frau: “...!”
Frau: “W-Wait, don't tell me they're the ones that...”
Frau: “H-Hey, more details!”
Maguyan: “I don't know anything more than that. I really don't...”
Frau: “You goddamn liar! You know something! Tell me where Mama is, you piece of shit! I hope you choke on your tongue!”
Maguyan: “I'm sorry...”
Frau: “Sorry, my ass! Where's Mama?! Hey, where's—”
Kaito: “Calm down, Kona-chan.”
As soon as I grab her shoulders and call out to her, she settles down.
Frau: “Sniff.”
Her shoulders are trembling.
Frau wipes her tears and squeezes out the last few words she can muster.
Frau: “Maguyan, tell me one last thing...”
Frau: “Maguyan...”
Frau: “When did you get married...?”
Maguyan: “Hah?”
I tilt my head along with Maguyan.
What in the world does this have to do with anything?
Frau: “When we last spoke six months ago at the offline meeting...”
Frau: “You said you were a v-virgin, Maguyan...”
Frau: “You said you were only interested in 2D.”
Frau: “IIRC.”
Frau: “Wh-When did you get married? When was your child born?”
Frau: “We only ever talked to each other online, so... Is it just that I didn't know?”
Maguyan: “...”
Maguyan is acting strangely.
His eyes are unstable.
His forehead is covered with sweat.
Finally, he frowns and holds his head.
Maguyan: “Wha...? But, uh, wait, what?”
Maguyan: “I have a wife... I do. And a kid...”
Maguyan: “She's a healthy little girl... No, a boy...?”
Maguyan: “Her name is... Is... She was born in the spring, so we named her Haruka...”
Maguyan: “No, no. Haruka is the heroine from Magical Girl Excellency. And I have a son, not a daughter...”
Maguyan: “Wait, that's odd. I must be exhausted. That's right! Yeah! Of course I am...”
Has he totally lost it?
Maguyan: “A-Anyhow, that's just the way it is. Sorry, Frau-chan.”
Maguyan: “My job is finished. In the morning I'll be flying to the Philippines... They said I can reunite with my family there.”
Maguyan: “Since Narita is closed due to the blackouts, it took a while to get to Kansai.”
Maguyan: “I'm so sorry... I don't expect you to ever forgive me.”
Maguyan: “Goodbye...”
And just like that, the call is over.
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “...”
What was that just now...?
There was something extremely unsettling and scary about all of that.
The word “brainwashed” comes to mind.
The Tavistock Institute's specialty.
What if...
What if he was being brainwashed to think that he had a wife and kid that never really existed?
I can't even imagine what it must feel like to be Maguyan right now.
I'm covered in cold sweat just from thinking about it.
Frau: “Duhuhu...”
Frau laughs like she always does.
Frau: “I-I'm going to describe what just happened to me...”
Frau: “I thought Maguyan was my friend, but he turned out to be my enemy.”
Frau: “Y-You might not understand what I'm saying, but I don't understand, either...”
Frau: “I caught the culprit...”
Frau: “But that hasn't fixed anything.”
Frau's hand, still holding onto my fingers, tightens.
Frau: “I never thought I'd be betrayed like that.”
Frau: “If I knew this was going to happen, I never would've trusted anyone ever.”
Frau: “I should've just been all alone like a proper shut-in...”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “Mama's probably already...”
Frau: “I had a feeling that was the case for a long time now.”
Frau: “I guess this island was my last hope.”
Frau: “But in the end, that warning message is like the nail in the coffin...”
Frau: “It was pointless for me to come here...”
Frau: “Duhuhu... Forever alone, lmao.”
Kaito: “I suppose it must be pretty easy to just sit here and beat yourself up.”
Frau: “Senpai...”
Kaito: “It's too bad. Sure, a friend of yours in Tokyo betrayed you. But that's enough to make you feel completely alone?”
Frau's hand is still wrapped around my fingers.
I hold on tightly to her hand.
Kaito: “As far as Aki-chan is concerned, not only are you a member of the Robotics Club, you're already her friend.”
Kaito: “Either way, don't go thinking you're alone.”
Kaito: “If you really want to be alone, you're gonna have to quit club.”
Kaito: “And I bet Aki-chan will make that as hard as possible for you.”
Frau: “The Robotics Club...”
Kaito: “Oh, and I'm sorry to put a damper on your whole giving up thing, but...”
Kaito: “I haven't given up on beating Takasob just yet.”
Kaito: “So, I'd prefer it if you don't act like things are finished here.”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “B-But everybody knows who I am. They all know about how the Gunvarrel staff was murdered and everything...”
Frau: “Beating some cheating CPU isn't going to clear me of anything...”
Kaito: “So what?”
Frau: “Huh...?”
Kaito: “Didn't I tell you from the start?”
Kaito: “I'm not doing this for you, Kona-chan.”
Kaito: “I'm doing this because I want to show this dumbass CPU who's boss.”
Frau: “...”
And with that, I let go of her hand.
Break time's over.
We've got another seven to eight hours left before time's up.
I'm going to settle this before then.
If I can defeat him, victory is mine.
But if I can't, it's theirs.
