Kaito: “...”
I sure sounded cool, but I've yet to trigger an attack.
And our time's running out.
My body has just about hit its limit.
I might pass out before I'm able to trigger an attack at this rate.
Which would render me totally useless.
After all the self-torture I've endured, that'd really suck.
But here's the thing. At this point, an attack could realistically happen at any time now.
Frau: “...”
Frau is squatting in the corner of the room with her head held down.
She's not sleeping, as I can hear her sniffling every now and then.
I get it. She's still dealing with the shock of being betrayed by someone she trusted.
I should leave her alone for now.
Kaito: “Uugh, damn it...”
I lost again.
I strike the screen with my finger.
I'd rather toss my PokeCom to the floor, but that'd crack the screen, so I resist the urge.
I'm so close.
What do I need to do to corner myself?
Frau: “Why...?”
Kaito: “Hrm?”
Frau breaks her silence after a few hours.
Is she feeling a little better?
Frau: “Wh-Why do you think I became a shut-in?”
Well that came out of nowhere.
Kaito: “No clue. Because you're bad at socializing?”
Kaito: “Or is it because your mom went missing...?”
Come to think of it, I don't even know how long she's been a shut-in. What was her life like in Tokyo?
Frau: “Bzzzt, wrong.”
Frau: “I became a shut-in so that I could make Kill-Ballad.”
Kaito: “Hoh.”
Frau: “Mama went missing, and Gunvarrel had that awful ending.”
Frau: “So... I was scared. I was scared that Mama's work would just become another piece of dead content.”
Frau: “If people forgot Gunvarrel, then Mama would also be forgotten...”
Frau: “That's why I decided to make a game out of her work.”
Frau: “As for why I decided on a game specifically, it's just cuz I was already good at programming.”
Frau: “But I thought that if I half-assed it, it'd never be as popular as the anime...”
Frau: “And if I took my time on it, the series would just be dead content by the time I finished...”
Frau: “Every minute I spent in school felt like a waste of time.”
Frau: “So, before I knew it, I'd become a shut-in. No hypnosis, no super speed, none of that silliness...”
Frau: “W-Well, I was already pretty dandere to begin with, s-so it was a smooth transition.”
Is that supposed to be a good thing?
Frau: “Senpai, do you like KB?”
Kaito: “Yeah. It's a great game.”
Kaito: “Frankly, I don't care much about Gunvarrel. I just enjoy KB as a game.”
The main reason I made it my main game is because I have someone I want to beat.
Frau: “Tonks.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Frau: “Thx.”
Kaito: “Excuse me?”
Frau: “TY...”
Kaito: “I can't hear you.”
Frau: “Th-Thank you for the kind words...”
She says...
With a flustered look on her face.
Frau: “I'm happy that you said you like it.”
Kaito: “You're very much welcome.”
Frau: “B-By the way, are you more of the aggressive type, or the passive type?”
Kaito: “Er...? If we're talking KB strats, I'm definitely more aggressive.”
Frau: “H-Hoh, aggressive? I see, I see.”
Frau: “I-I personally see you as more of the passive type, Yashio-senpai. I'm willing to debate this.”
Frau: “W-With Four Eyes around, you guys could swap places. G-Gotta dream big!”
She's grinning all of a sudden.
I'm not gonna think too hard about what's going through that head of hers.
Kaito: “Sounds like you're feeling a little better.”
Frau then wipes the grin off of her face and gets serious.
Frau: “Can you win?”
Kaito: “I just can't push past the finish line.”
Kaito: “If I torture myself a little more, I think I can trigger an attack.”
Frau: “T-Torture, you say...?”
Frau: “Gulp.”
What in the world is she thinking?
Frau: “I'll lend you my S/M toys.”
Kaito: “Y-You actually have some? I'm actually going to disown you.”
Frau: “O-Of course I don't have the real stuff.”
Kaito: “So, you have the fake stuff...?”
Frau: “Y-Yeah, kinda.”
Frau stands up with a grin on her face and starts shuffling through some boxes stacked in the corner of the room.
Frau: “I'm pretty sure I put it somewhere around here...”
Frau: “Oh, found it!”
Wonderful.
What kind of pervy toy does she have in store for me?
Frau: “Yo, yo. How about you use this, bro?”
And with that, she whips out some low-frequency therapy equipment.
It's like one of those electric massage kits you attach to your body to try and relax it.
Kaito: “How in the hell does this qualify as S/M?”
Frau: “This'll work just fine for a little bit of torture.”
Frau: “At maximum level, you'll scream from the excruciating pain! And that pained scream will turn into one of plea—”
Kaito: “No, it really won't.”
But this might just work.
They've been rerunning old variety shows on TV lately.
And on one of them, I saw a comedian getting punished with one of these things.
Kaito: “This whole thing is starting to feel more and more like a punishment game.”
I suppose since she went through the trouble of digging this out, I should at least give it a try.
Though I might start making input errors after this because of the pain.
Frau: “Th-Then I shall put it on for you. Near your collarbone, that is.”
Why does she look so happy?
She looks more pleased than she did when I said I liked KB.
Kaito: “Might as well go all out.”
Two pads to my thighs, two on my butt, one on each of my upper arms, and one on both sides of my temple. No collarbone, though.
Frau: “R-Remember, kids. Don't try this at home.”
Kaito: “Okay. Once I give you the signal, switch it on. Do it at maximum level.”
I restart my fight with Takasob.
As always, I carefully batter down their life bar knowing full well that I'm gonna be trading hits.
Once their life bar turns red, I can sense them getting ready to use their ult.
Kaito: “Do it!”
Frau: “Gh...”
And then I faint.
