Akiho: “So, that's why I'm leaving the convincing of Frau Bow to you, Kai.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, exactly how many years have you been my neighbor?”
Akiho: “...”
After school, Akiho asks me to persuade Frau to help, so I decide to teach her a lesson yet again.
Kaito: “If you want me to do something for you, face me in a match. If you win, I'll do whatever you ask.”
Akiho: “Mrgrgr... I knew you'd say that!”
Kaito: “One of these days you'll learn.”
Kaito: “How many times have we repeated this exact interaction in the past?”
Akiho: “But I can't win against you, Kai...”
Akiho: “Oh! Maybe I should call Nae-san!”
Kaito: “?!”
What... did she say?
Why did her name come up now?
Akiho notices my agitation and smiles triumphantly.
Akiho: “Have you heard? Nae-san's already risen to around 200th place on the leaderboards.”
Akiho: “She's really strong.”
I know this all too well.
And there's no way she's stopping at 200th place.
If she plays seriously, she could easily make her way into the top 10.
I've played against Nae-san a lot, and even I only managed to win around 6 out of 10 matches.
She's a hard fight.
Against me, second best in the world.
Did Akiho catch wind of that?
No, it's possible that Nae-san told her herself. After all, she's at TNSC a lot nowadays, what with building Model-2 and all.
If she used Nae-san, and even if I limited it to one round, I've got a risky 40% chance of losing.
And 40% is higher than the batting average of a professional batter in baseball.
Akiho: “So, you'll be coming with me to the Space Center tomorrow.”
Kaito: “Are you going to have Nae-san take your place?”
Akiho: “Don't you dare whine about this being unfair. It's your fault for being too strong.”
How is this my fault? I worked hard to get where I am.
Kaito: “Fine, fine. I'll go with you to the TNSC tomorrow.”
Kaito: “Be sure to arrange for our match. If possible, I wanna go at least 50 rounds with her.”
Akiho: “Whoa. I-I didn't think I'd get an OK out of you that easily...”
Akiho: “What's going on? Did something happen? Or are you plotting something?”
Kaito: “No, not at all.”
Why's she so surprised when she's the one who suggested this?
I glance at our sly rascal of a president and stand up from the shade of the tree.
Akiho: “Going somewhere?”
Kaito: “To see Kona-chan. I need to convince her to help, right?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Kaito: “Look. If I face Nae-san, it'll end up being a 7:3 or a 6:4 matchup.”
Kaito: “There's no chance of me winning every fight.”
Kaito: “In that case, it'll be easier if I get your request done now.”
Akiho: “Amazing... I've never seen you break so easily before.”
Akiho: “Sweet! All hail Nae-san!”
Akiho: “But wait, if you're going to convince Frau Bow to help now, what's the point in fighting Nae-san tomorrow?”
Kaito: “Whoa, whoa. Don't be ridiculous, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “As far as I'm concerned, a match against Nae-san is more exciting than a match with your average high ranker.”
Kaito: “I'd play against her all day long if I could.”
Kaito: “So, you'd better not break your promise. Got it?”
Akiho: “Er, is it me, or have the means switched places with the ends...?”
I head toward the hangar, leaving Akiho dumbfounded behind me.
