“The wind's gotten pretty cold,” I think to myself.
I felt a bit chilly, probably because I was riding on my scooter.
If I feel this way in long sleeves, that must mean autumn is coming to an end.
Akiho: “Ah, Subaru, Jun, you're already here. Mad respect.”
Akiho gets off her scooter and excitedly waves her hand.
TNSC's First Osaki Office. Model-2 is being assembled here. When Akiho and I arrive, Jun and Subaru are waiting.
What do these two usually talk about? I can't even imagine it.
Junna: “G-Good morning, Akiho-chan, Yashio-kun.”
Junna and Subaru are holding cans of milk tea.
Kaito: “Are those hot? Where'd you get them? I kind of want one myself.”
I glance around, but find no vending machines nearby.
Junna: “Oh, Hidaka-kun went out of his way to get these, from a 10-minute trip away.”
Junna: “I told him it was fine, since there were no vending machines nearby, but he insisted.”
Akiho: “Hooooh.”
Subaru: “Wh-What is it?”
Akiho: “And here I thought you didn't have a considerate bone in your body♪”
Kaito: “He probably doesn't. He just found an excuse to escape from the awkwardness of being alone with Jun-chan.”
Junna: “Eh?”
Subaru: “Hyaow did you know?!”
Subaru: “Ah, wait, no. I'm not saying I hate being around Daitoku-senpai or anything!”
Junna: “Ah, no, it's fine...”
And now it's awkward.
I didn't think I'd hit the bullseye.
Subaru's quite rude to Akiho, but when he's with Junna he gets surprisingly nervous.
I smirk and stretch my arms into the air.
I make eye contact with the guard standing at the gate in front of us.
When I bow my head to him, he smiles back.
We've kinda become familiar with the people here.
Not me personally, but the Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Club as a whole.
It's rare for all of the Robotics Club members—Frau excluded—to gather here at the TNSC.
We have school on weekdays. On top of that, dragging yourself all the way here takes at least 30 minutes by scooter, and that's just one way.
That goes double for Subaru and Junna, who live in Nakataneu. Our school's in the middle of the island.
So, they have to come all the way out here, the southern tip, then go all the way back to the center of the island.
Plus, Subaru has his old man to deal with, further complicating things.
Junna is in charge of mocap, so she doesn't have anything to do here. Her work is at the old airport.
Even Akiho goes to the Robot Clinic on weekdays to process parts for Model-2, so she barely comes here.
Thus, we only ever come here on weekends.
And not even every week. It's more like once every two weeks.
As for what we do? We put Model-2 together.
So me and Junna really don't have anything to do here.
We go inside the building.
Model-2's legs are stored here.
They're not even 4 meters tall.
They still can't stand on their own, so they're hanging from the crane up top.
An outsider probably wouldn't realize they're robot legs.
The ankle joints don't even have motors installed yet. According to Akiho, the parts processing is 60% complete.
But since we still haven't decided how we're going to drive them, it looks like we can't put the motors in yet.
Nae: “Ah, you're here early.”
Nae-san was waiting for us inside.
She got back from Tokyo mid last month and has been supervising us when we work here.
Akiho: “Good morning, Nae-san.”
Nae: “G'morning♪”
Kaito: “Is it just me, or do you have some spare time on your hands, Nae-san?”
Kaito: “It's the weekend. How about going out and having some fun?”
Nae: “Ahahahah. Kaito-kun, you really shouldn't tease older girls like that.”
A chill runs down my spine.
As much as she has a smile on her face, her eyes are dead serious... or that's how it feels, at least.
Kaito: “I-I'm sorry...”
Older girls really are scary...
Nae: “I'm not letting you off the hook! Time for a tickle attack!”
With that, Nae-san extends her hands and starts tickling my sides.
Kaito: “Wah, hey, stop!”
I desperately flee from her hands.
Nae: “Gosh, you're so quick to run away! Boys like you need to be bolder!”
Kaito: “Cut me some slack...”
Still on guard, I distance myself a bit from Nae-san.
Akiho: “Kai, stop being rude to Nae-san.”
Akiho: “She's going out of her way just to help us out, even on her days off.”
Kaito: “Yeah, you're right. I repent.”
I put my hands up like I'm surrendering.
But I still keep my distance in case she tries to tickle me again.
Akiho: “More importantly, we have a little present for you, Nae-san.”
Nae: “Wha? A present?”
Akiho: “Yup! Ready?”
Akiho: “Happy birthday to yooou♪”
Akiho: “...Hey, c'mon! Everyone's gotta sing!”
Junna: “I-I'm sorry. Um, it's too embarrassing.”
Subaru: “Same here...”
Kaito: “I can't sing after having sustained that tickling.”
Nae: “Wait, this is for my birthday?”
Nae: “I'm surprised you knew. Thank you all so much!”
We found out her birthday was on the 9th of November thanks to Chief Senomiya.
Once we found out about half a month ago, we pooled our money together and got her something.
Akiho: “Anyway, happy birthday, Nae-san.”
Akiho: “This is from all of us. Thanks for everything you've done.”
Nae: “The pleasure is all mine! I'm so touched.”
Nae-san happily accepts her present.
The smile she wears on her face isn't that of a young woman, but rather an innocent little girl.
Nae: “Can I open it?”
Akiho: “Of course!”
Akiho: “Kai picked it out.”
Kaito: “Yup. I went all the way out to Nishinoomote to buy it.”
Nishinoomote is the only decent place for shopping on the island.
Nae: “Wow, these are sunglasses.”
Kaito: “They're specifically for cycling.”
Nae-san's constantly riding around on her bike, so...
I figured something practical would be best.
Nae: “They're adorable♪”
Nae: “Thank you so much. I'll cherish these forever.”
Nae: “I know! Let's all go cycling together sometime.”
Kaito: “We're scooter types.”
Nae: “Oh, right. Then how about using this opportunity to buy nice bicycles?”
Akiho: “We're too poor for that!”
Regardless, I'm glad Nae-san is happy.
I breathe a sigh of relief and look toward Model-2.
Time is slowly but surely moving forward.
It felt like it was frozen for a time, yet before I realized, summer blew over a while ago, and now autumn's coming to a close. No more than four months until the Expo.
Will we really be able to finish this in time?
