I feel sick.
It's like the part of my stomach below my navel is filled with sludge. Sludge being slowly turned and twisted and kneaded about.
This disgusting feeling has persisted for half a day now.
Frau: “Hahh, hahh.... Guh, shit... Hahh...”
Someone is breathing really loudly.
It's noisy and irritating.
If you don't shut up this second, I'm going to tear you to shreds with 100% of my power!
Frau: “Uugh, agh... Hahhh...”
Turns out that the idiot in question is actually me.
I wipe the greasy sweat from my forehead.
Boys should be the only ones panting... In that delicious BL sorta way.
Frau: “Genki-kun, drink please...”
Genki: “Thirst ain't no big deal! Let's overcome it with a blast of spirit!”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “Mute Genki-kun bot.”
Genki: “All right, got it! We'll definitely meet again!”
Genki-kun poses snappily and disappears from my PokeCom's screen.
Frau: “Piece of shit... Genki-kun bot's uselessness makes me want to sue for compensation...”
Said the girl who made him.
I pick up a bottle of mineral water nearby and pour what little is left of it into my mouth.
Frau: “Cough... Cough, cough...”
Frau: “H-How's our water stock looking, Rosetta?”
Rosetta: “There are no bottles left in the refrigerator. Let's take a walk and buy some along the way!”
Frau: “...”
I ignore Rosetta bot's proposition and face my PC again.
My vision is hazy.
Have I been staring at my PC for too long?
Nothing like this has ever happened before.
On the monitor is @channel.
With my sight this blurry, I can barely read what's on screen.
It's been over 12 hours since the Tokyo blackouts, but things still aren't back to normal.
Though apparently some areas have power again.
But that's mostly places like factories, which have their own private power generators.
Even the electric companies don't have a firm grasp on which areas have power and which don't.
Tokyo residents are desperately looking for ways to communicate, but the phone lines are overloaded.
@channel is the only thing connecting me to Tokyo from Tanegashima, even if it's a very narrow source of info.
Compared to 10 years ago, there are fewer users, but during emergencies like this, it's much faster than regular news.
Twipo's userbase is too ignorant and gullible for it to be a reliable source of info.
And they spread the trash like wildfire. It's so disgusting. It might as well be SpoEast.
That said, while not as bad as Twipo, @channel is full of junk too.
What's fake? What's real?
It's impossible for me to know for sure.
Yet still, I desperately search for any real info regarding Tokyo on the message boards.
I do my best to sift through the falsehoods, tracing sources and working my way back to original posters.
If I can trace things back to their original sources, I should be able to figure out what's going on.
Or so I thought for a time...
But now, my brain is all but mush.
I can't make anything out from all this noise.
Just then, there's a sound from my PokeCom.
Frau: “Wh-What?”
Rosetta: “You have a message.”
Frau: “Read it aloud.”
Rosetta: “Sender: Yashio Kaito. Sending time: November 19, 2019, 6:58 a.m.”
Rosetta: “I called yesterday, but you didn't pick up, hence the message. I'm heading over this afternoon. We need to talk.”
This sounds like the kind of message you'd send your ex.
Frau: “...Tera self-conscious. What a virgin, lmao.”
Rosetta: “It's about the warning message from Kogoori Minami that was discovered in Gunvarrel's last episode.”
Rosetta: “Something similar was written in the Kimijima Reports.”
I gasp.
I'm feeling nauseous all of a sudden.
I can't help but cover my mouth with my hands.
I barely manage to hold down the bile rising up my throat.
Rosetta: “Here's what it said...”
Rosetta: “Wide-scale simultaneous terrorist activity will occur, taking advantage of the chaos caused by the storm.”
Rosetta: “Apparently the terrorism is gonna take the form of some sort of robot insurrection.”
Rosetta: “The warning from your mom isn't a prank or a simple conspiracy theory. It could actually happen.”
Rosetta: “So, I want you to tell me whatever you can about your mom.”
Rosetta: “By the way, don't tell anyone else about this. See you later.”
Rosetta: “That's it.”
Before I realize it, I'm breathing heavily.
Frau: “Hahh... Hahh... Grrr...”
Yashio-senpai is right.
His anxiety is totally on the mark.
Considering his pinpoint accuracy, this isn't just some random idiot from the FGC trying to troll. The Kimijima Reports are true.
A robot insurrection...
This lines up with the one piece of truth I found amidst the noise after hunting for 12 hours straight.
Actually...
Frau: “It's more like the insurrection is already happening.”
Amidst the noise, there are posts dotted around that feel out of place.
“Service robots were attacking people.”
“A guide robot went out of control.”
“An RI robot went haywire lol. It won't do what it's told lmao”
They're all relatively low-key posts. Nothing designed to get attention.
Just a few words buried within all the noise.
But they're slowly starting to bubble to the surface.
They haven't yet caused any uproar.
The people in Tokyo are too busy right now with the blackouts and loss of functionality all over the place.
A robot insurrection...
Just reading the words is enough to make anyone laugh.
Even movies don't use plots as cliché as this anymore.
If you think the word insurrection might cause some misunderstanding, you could describe it as robots going haywire.
Thanks to next year's Robot Expo, the streets are filled with life-size robots, more than any other city.
Even police stands have deployed guide patrol robots.
Robots run the registers at stores.
Nursing robots are all over the place now.
There's a surprisingly large number of them walking with and assisting elderly people.
I hear that Shibuya, Akihabara, and Odaiba in particular have a large number of guide robots deployed.
What happens if all of those robots stop doing what they're programmed to do?
Frau: “Wh-What a messed up world...”
Although I doubt robots are gonna be picking up guns and shooting people anytime soon.
But still, just the idea of humans losing control over the robots is enough to inspire fear.
I don't know if this is an accident caused by the solar storm, or some sort of intentional act of terror.
Rosetta: “Notice.”
Rosetta: “After receiving Yashio-san's message, I checked your inbox.”
Rosetta: “You've received 3,451 new messages.”
Rosetta: “This number does not include spam.”
Rosetta: “One message from someone related to the Frau Koujiro Factory.”
Rosetta: “Zero work requests.”
Rosetta: “38 seemingly positive messages from Kill-Ballad users.”
Rosetta: “3,413 seemingly negative messages.”
That's a lot...
That's a lot more hate emails than usual.
But who cares? I never check them anyway.
It's just that I can't believe I've gotten so many after only half a day.
Frau: “Open the Frau Koujiro Factory message.”
Rosetta: “Sender: Hattori Hanjuro. Sending time: November 19, 2019.”
Frau: “...!”
Rosetta: “You're getting a call.”
Frau: “Wh-Who's it from?”
Rosetta: “Hattori Hanjuro.”
First a message, now she's calling?
I haven't even read the former yet.
While she's a member of the KB team, I've never actually seen Hattori Hanjuro's face before.
The only people I've met offline are ChuChu Yasumasa and Maguyan.
The other members—Hattori Hanjuro and Kisspop—I've only ever called or messaged.
Hattori Hanjuro is a 23-year-old NEET girl. Her real name is Hattori Mitsuko. Currently unemployed.
That's about all I know.
Frau: “T-Take the call.”
Rosetta: “Okay. Connecting you now.”
The PokeCom screen reads SOUND ONLY.
Her face isn't displayed.
Frau: “H-Hanju, are you alright?”
Hanju refers to Hattori Hanjuro.
I just call her that because it's easy to say and type.
Frau: “Wait, are the phone lines fixed? Or did you escape to K-Kansai or something?”
Hanjuro: “I got out. I'm in Nagoya right now.”
So, she really did escape.
I wonder if she knows what happened to everyone else at the Factory...
Hanjuro: “More importantly, Fraucchi, please stop this madness!”
Hanjuro: “Hacking the RI robots and other horrible things... What are you thinking?! This isn't a game!”
Frau: “Huh?”
Her sudden outburst makes no sense. Seriously, what's her deal? Why's she mad at me?
Frau: “Wh-What are you talking about?”
Frau: “In Japanese, plz.”
Hanjuro: “Aren't you the one making all the robots in Tokyo go haywire and attack people?!”
Hanjuro: “This is a crime! Not only that, but you're taunting people about it, claiming responsibility for it?!”
Hanjuro: “At this rate, there's going to be no turning back for you!”
Frau: “I-I don't understand what you're saying... Are you sure you don't have the wrong person?”
Hanjuro: “I can't believe you're lying to me like this...”
Hanjuro: “It's all over your Twipo! Stop trying to hide it!”
Frau: “Twipo...?”
Hanju has clearly lost it.
I figured she was on edge from all the stuff in Tokyo, plus having to flee all the way to Nagoya.
But that doesn't seem to be the case...
Frau: “Wh-What do you mean it's all over my T-Twipo? Huh...?”
Hanjuro: “Don't play dumb. Just stop whatever you're doing right now! If you turn yourself in, you might still—”
Frau: “I-I don't understand...”
Frau: “I don't understand anything you're saying...”
Frau: “I-If you won't tell me what's going on... Wh-What am I supposed to do...?”
Hanjuro: “Fraucchi...”
I'm so confused.
But that's normal, right? She's just berating me without even explaining why.
Especially since I have no memory of what she's talking about.
I don't know what to feel. I'm not mad, nor am I sad. I don't even have the words to respond with.
Committing a crime?
Taunting people on Twipo?
Frau: “I have a-absolutely no idea what you're talking about...!”
Hanjuro: “...You really don't know?”
Hanjuro: “But I'm certain it's all coming from your Twipo account...”
Hanjuro: “H-Hey, have you used Twipo in the last few hours?”
Frau: “I haven't...”
Hanju goes quiet after hearing my response.
I can't see her face so I don't know for sure, but she seems to be pondering something.
Frau: “H-Hey, what exactly is going on...?”
Hanjuro: “You know what RI—Robolatory Industry— robots are, right?”
Hanjuro: “Their OS got hacked by someone, and the robots are attacking people in Tokyo.”
Hanjuro: “I saw it myself. I had no idea why at the time, but I understood after escaping and seeing your timeline.”
A robot insurrection...
I was literally just looking into this.
Coupled with what was written in Yashio-senpai's message.
Frau: “But shouldn't most robots be broken after the solar storm...?”
Hanjuro: “You didn't know? Ever since the Crash of '15, life-size robots have always come equipped with countermeasures against solar storms.”
Hanjuro: “Right now in Tokyo, the power is off, but only the robots are moving around. It's crazy.”
H-How could I possibly know that?
Frau: “B-But how could I be the culprit? I'm on T-Tanegashima right now...”
Frau: “Besides, hacking the OS of a single robot w-wouldn't cause much damage.”
Hanjuro: “Robolatory Industry's RIICH Series have their data synced on the cloud.”
Hanjuro: “If you took that over, you could forcibly send commands to all of the robots.”
Frau: “What did you... just say...?”
Hanjuro: “I can't tell if you're lying to me or not over the phone, Fraucchi, but...”
Hanjuro: “Just take a look at Twipo. Look at your posts.”
I do as I'm told and hurriedly boot up Twipo.
For some reason, it's asking for my account name and password to log in.
I never see this screen because I'm usually always logged in.
This is weird.
A feeling of unease runs through me as I enter my password.
As soon as I'm in, I find a host of tweeps directed at me.
Jeers and verbal attacks from accounts I've never seen. Even death threats.
The sheer number of them is ridiculous.
There are more tweeps than I can count. Well over the thousands.
I can't look through all of these.
But I'm used to this sort of thing in my inbox, so it's not a big deal.
It's always been that way.
I bite my lip and bring up the tweeps from my account.
Frau: “What...? How...?”
My timeline is filled with posts that I don't recognize.
“So, you know how robots in Tokyo are going nuts and attacking people? That was me.”
“I hacked into RI's RIICH Series OS. That part was easy. After that, I made all the RI robots go haywire.”
“I think it's finally time for robots to be freed from human control.”
“Oh yeah, and wanna know who leaked the last episode of Gunvarrel? Also me!”
“For the first time in recorded history, a robot murdered a human! What big, exciting news!”
“Btw, the server for RI is wide open. Anyone can waltz right on in.”
“You wanna boot me out and get the robots back? Just get past the security I set up.”
I didn't write a single word of this.
This wasn't me.
It's fake... It has to be...
I desperately check my account.
“FRAUKOUJIRO.”
This...
What's going on?
Frau: “M-My account...”
No matter how many times I look...
It's the account name I picked.
A virus?
Have I been hacked?
The only thing filling my mind...
...Is the overwhelming feeling of wanting to cry. At the same time...
...I feel absolutely miserable. I want to cry out with every fiber of my being.
Depression and mania force their way into my heart at the same time.
Frau: “I got hacked...”
Someone hacked into my account...
I need to delete it, ASAP.
That should make it all better.
Frau: “Th-This is seriously impossible... There's definitely something wrong... There's gotta be...”
Frau: “Uuup, uuugghh...”
I end up vomiting.
It's painful, and my throat feels like it's on fire. Tears fall down my cheeks.
But the only things that comes up are stomach acid and bile.
I haven't eaten anything since the day before yesterday.
This can't be happening... It can't... This isn't me!
Someone set me up...!
