Junna: “Yah!”
Junna: “Ei!”
Surrounded by four RGB cameras, Junna continues to timidly perform a kata.
The one she's currently doing is called “Gekisai Dai Ichi,” a pretty basic kata.
Her moves are dynamic and interesting to watch.
Plus, one set is about 30 seconds long, making for a brisk pace.
Frau: “Hah...”
Kaito: “Hmm...”
Frau and I are squatting, watching from a little ways away.
Frau bites into her Pokky.
And I take a sip of my Fruit Sour Melon.
The winds are gentle today, so even though the sun is about to set, it's not that cold outside.
Kaito: “Why don't we just recreate that kata with Model-2 as-is?”
I randomly toss out a proposal.
Frau starts to grin while looking at her PokeCom connected to the RGB cameras.
Frau: “A-Are you crazy?”
Frau: “G-Gunvarrel performing a kata?”
Frau: “Duhuhu, tera cray.”
Kaito: “Then do you have any better ideas?”
Frau: “B-But I refuse.”
Kaito: “Hah...”
We're still recording Junna's kata.
As for why, it's because we still haven't figured out what Model-2's doing at the Expo. Call it brainstorming.
Akiho wants to pull some iconic poses from the anime and have it do those, but that'd be way too short.
The performance should be at least 30 seconds long, preferably one whole minute.
Which is why I personally thought a kata would be a good fit.
Frau: “K-Kata are f-fairly complex.”
Frau: “With only 24 servomotors, th-there aren't enough joints for that. Legit.”
Kaito: “Oh, huh...”
Junna: “Eih.”
Junna: “Hiyaah.”
Junna: “...”
Junna stands up straight and bows.
Looks like she's done.
Junna: “Next up, um, I'll be performing ‘Gekisai Dai Ni.’”
Junna: “Please enjoy.”
She bows again and begins the next kata.
She's still clearly embarrassed.
Her movement is rigid and tense.
Kind of a bummer considering how beautiful her kata are when nobody is watching.
What a waste of talent.
Frau: “A-Anyway, hear me out, number one.”
Kaito: “Er, number one? Is that me?”
Frau: “Please listen, Y-Yashio-senpai.”
Kaito: “What's up?”
I respond to her as I mindlessly watch Junna perform.
Frau scoots extra close to me, touching her shoulder to mine.
Frau: “It's about the C-C-Committee of 300 and the T-Tavistock Institute.”
Frau's started coming to school as of late. She's even become interested in the Committee and Institute.
She's been aggressively scouring the internet for information on both groups.
Kaito: “And?”
Frau: “D-Did you make any progress on your end?”
Kaito: “Nah. I haven't set the last flag for Kimijima Report No. 6, so I haven't found it yet.”
Frau: “Nice surfing, bro. Isn't this taking you a little too long?”
Kaito: “Look, setting the flags is hard work, okay? I only just started surfing four days ago.”
Before that, I was picking up golf balls at a golf course.
I feel like such an idiot doing all these things.
Frau: “Hah! I-I get it now!”
Frau: “Your young body is being rattled and jostled by the fierce waves. I get it.”
Frau: “G-Gulp... That's so lewd...”
Frau: “I could put together an entire thin-book about you and waves getting intimate.”
What in the world is she going on about?
She's breathing heavily through her nose and everything.
I probably shouldn't pry.
While we were talking, Junna had long since finished her kata.
She's just standing there, looking lost.
Kaito: “Perform Suparinpei next.”
Junna looks flustered by my sudden request, but soon composes herself and bows.
Junna: “S-Suparinpeeei!!!”
She shouts and begins her kata.
Kaito: “What about you, Kona-chan?”
When I shoot the question back to Frau, she scoots even closer to me, as if she was waiting for me to ask.
Frau: “D-Do you know who M-Miguel Sant'Ambroggio is?”
Kaito: “Nope.”
Frau: “W-Wake up, wrong-sider.”
Frau: “He's the CEO of Phillip Electronics, SMH.”
Kaito: “Still not ringing any bells.”
I've seriously never heard of him. Heck, I don't even know if that's a Japanese or foreign company.
Frau: “A-A major player in financial circles. A-And the former CEO of the U.S.' Generic Motors and France's Runault Company.”
Frau: “He's like a strong-arm CEO; a professional rebuilder.”
Kaito: “So, what's his deal?”
Frau: “He's a special advisor to the Tavistock Institute.”
Kaito: “And?”
Frau: “This old dude Miguel has illegitimate kids all around the world.”
Frau: “Wh-What a badass gramps!”
Kaito: “Don't yell. Look, you're scaring Jun-chan.”
Frau: “M-My bad...”
Frau: “Wh-What if I told you that one of his illegitimate kids was at ExCo?”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “His name is...”
Frau: “S-Sawada-kyun.”
Kyun...?
Kaito: “And who exactly is that? ExCo's CEO or something?”
Without saying a word, Frau pulls a video up on her PokeCom.
Kaito: “Wait, that's...”
It's a video of the press conference from the other day.
Frau apparently reserved a time shifted version of it ahead of time.
Frau: “S-Sawada Toshiyuki. Section Chief of Exoskeleton Company's HUG Testing Department.”
Kaito: “HUG Testing Department...”
That's where Misa-nee works.
Kaito: “Are you saying this guy might be part of the Tavistock Institute?”
Frau: “I-I didn't say that.”
Frau: “I'm just pointing out the fact that this guy is the secret love child of the Institute's special advisor.”
Frau: “Th-There's no direct evidence linking him to them.”
Frau: “B-But there is at least a connection.”
Frau: “It wouldn't be crazy to think that S-Sawada-kyun is getting intel about the Institute's plans through Miguel.”
Frau: “N-Not that the head of the HUG Testing Department would have the authority to do much, but...”
Frau: “S-So, I might be overthinking it...”
Frau: “But the K-Kimijima Reports mentioned ExCo too.”
Frau: “Is it that weird to think that they might be connected?”
Frau: “I-I personally predict that this guy is a bona fide t-tsundere.”
Kaito: “...”
Putting aside Frau's pointless prediction...
If Frau's info was true, it'd be nuts.
I sure as hell couldn't tell Akiho about it.
I'm feeling extremely uneasy. I just want to scream into the air.
Kaito: “So, where did you get this crazy info, anyway?”
Frau: “A-Are you impressed? Kk. Then lemme lick your fingers. Y-Your collarbone would suffice too.”
Kaito: “Stick to licking Pokky.”
Frau: “Grrr...”
Clearly salty, Frau munches on her Pokky as instructed.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, you absolutely can't tell anyone else about this.”
Frau: “...”
Frau: “S-Senpai, how can you stay so calm?”
Frau: “Especially after seeing that the Kimijima Reports have all been on the mark.”
Frau: “Those reports are legit.”
Frau: “Shouldn't we be informing the police or the mass media?”
She's right...
I'm convinced that most of the contents of the Kimijima Reports are true.
If I ignore their warnings, I get the feeling that five billion people are going to get massacred.
I get goosebumps on my back.
I instinctively look around.
I have a wonderful view of the old airport just before sunset.
There's no one here besides the three of us.
I'm just being self-conscious, I guess...
Kaito: “We can't make any careless moves. You know this as well as I do, Kona-chan.”
If we say anything, our lives could be in danger.
Kaito: “Personally, I want to get my hands on all of the Kimijima Reports.”
Kaito: “Once we get them all, it should be clear to us what we need to do.”
Frau: “What about Airi-tan?”
Frau: “W-We should interrogate her. She's collecting intel on the Committee of 300, after all.”
Frau: “L-Let's start with her three sizes. Duhuhu.”
Kaito: “You sound like a perverted old man. Are you sure you're younger than me?”
Frau: “I'm forever 17. Got a problem?”
Ask Airi, huh?
I'd love to, but Airi is a little unstable right now.
Kaito: “By the way, the one collecting info on the Committee is Sister Centipede, not Airi-chan.”
I asked Sister Centipede about this a few times before, but she couldn't give me any info because she hadn't analyzed it yet.
I try booting up ‘IRUO.’ on my PokeCom.
And there she is.
Airi is standing beside Junna as she performs her kata.
But she's not watching her.
Kaito: “Airi-chan.”
She doesn't respond.
I guess I have no choice but to get up and walk over to her.
Junna: “Uh, um...?”
Kaito: “Ah, don't mind me, Jun-chan. Keep going.”
Junna: “Oh, okay...”
Junna: “H-Horya.”
Junna instantly stiffens up just because I got closer.
Can't say that's a surprise to me.
Kaito: “Airi-chan.”
When I call to her, Airi looks around aimlessly.
Even though I'm right in front of her.
What is she looking for?
Eh, whatever. It's not Airi that I want to talk to, but Sister Centipede. I'll just force her out here.
I press Airi's forehead for a few seconds.
Usually this pulls up an icon on her forehead, and she turns into Sister Centipede immediately.
But this time...
Airi: “That tickles.”
Airi squirms and giggles.
She's trying to get away from my finger.
Kaito: “Hey, stop avoiding me. I have to talk to Sister Centipede.”
Why isn't she changing over?
Airi: “Does Junna like Sister Centipede more than me?”
Junna: “Huh?”
For some reason, Airi asks her question to Junna, not me.
This conversation is a mess.
As expected, Airi is still unstable.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, I need to talk to Sister Centipede.”
Airi: “So, Mitsuhiko likes Sister Centipede too?”
Kaito: “Mitsuhiko?”
Airi: “Nagafukada Mitsuhiko.”
Mitchie...?
Is she mistaking me for him?!
Geez, that stings.
And then, just like that...
She suddenly responds.
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Er, wha...?
Usually she does the whole switching over to Sister Centipede thing.
Sister Centipede: “Since we're indoors, I am currently unable to see you, Yashio-san.”
Kaito: “Er, whoa, hey now. We're extremely outdoors right now.”
Sister Centipede: “I'm collecting info, but the number of online users in Kanto has rapidly declined. Info volume has dropped to 20%.”
Kaito: “Wh-What are you talking about? Is this from the blackouts?”
Sister Centipede: “Collected information is currently under analysis, so I'm unable to answer your request at present.”
Sister Centipede: “Please excuse me.”
Sister Centipede: “...”
She's frozen.
Frau: “This is bad.”
Junna: “Ghost-chan sounded a little weird just now.”
Junna calls Airi Ghost-chan.
As our resident urban legend otaku, she probably likes the name.
But none of that matters right now.
Junna: “Um, do you think maybe Airi-chan's been affected by the solar storm?”
Frau: “This is clearly a bug no matter how you slice it, thank you very much.”
Kaito: “A bug...”
At the end of the day, Airi is basically an app inside of ‘IRUO.’
There've been a bunch of reports of ‘IRUO.’ malfunctioning, so it wouldn't be weird if Airi was affected.
That'd actually explain a lot about her recent unstable behavior.
So, let's just say Airi is bugged.
Will she still be able to observe me clearing the last flag for Report No. 6?
