Akiho: “We're carrying over the motor's exterior from GunBuild-1.”
Akiho: “So, there's no need to design it from scratch. Doc knew a designer in Osaka, so we ordered from them.”
Akiho: “Yesterday, we received ten all at once.”
Akiho: “Then we had Old Man Kamata help us too. It's like the entire island has become one big workshop.”
I'm currently playing Kill-Ballad.
But I'm also giving Akiho's progress report a few empty nods. We've been acting separately recently.
Even for club stuff. So I haven't spent much time with her as of late. A few months ago, this'd be unheard of.
But we have been stopping by Uchugaoka Park after school together pretty regularly.
As for why? The monopoles, of course.
Got 'em!
While listening to Akiho talk, my hands continue to play KB.
I've been on a winning streak against players around rank 200.
I haven't been able to play much recently, but my senses haven't dulled.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai.”
Kaito: “Hmm?”
Akiho: “What are you gonna do when the Expo starts?”
Akiho asks while gazing at the TNSC rocket launch complex far in the distance.
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Akiho: “You know how the Expo runs for like half a year, right?”
Akiho: “It starts in February and finishes at the end of August.”
Akiho: “You're going to be operating GunBuild-2, but if we wanted to do a demo every day, well...”
Akiho: “You'd have to go to the Expo hall every single day.”
Akiho: “We won't even be able to attend our own graduation, ahahah.”
Akiho: “Plus, if it's running till the end of August, we won't really be able to study for next year's exams either.”
Kaito: “Yeah, you're right.”
Akiho: “Jun might be our sub-operator, but she's already been hired. She'd be gone after April, right?”
Akiho: “And Subaru and Frau Bow still have school.”
Akiho: “So, the only people left after April who can participate are you and I.”
Akiho: “I do plan on hitting up some of the alumni who live in Tokyo, but...”
Akiho: “I doubt anyone would be willing or able to go to the hall every day...”
Akiho then sighs and covers her eyes.
Akiho: “So, um, I'm thinking about showing up at Big Sis's place and moving in with her...”
Akiho: “What do you think?”
Akiho: “I could commute to the Expo hall in like 30 minutes. I wouldn't have to pay for a hotel, either.”
Akiho: “Mom and Dad would probably be okay with it since I'd be with Big Sis.”
Akiho: “Oh, and you should come too, Kai! Big Sis would never say no to you.”
Akiho's basically talking to herself at this point.
Living with the Senomiya sisters, eh?
I heard that Misa-nee has a pretty nice place, and since there'd be no cost for us, it's a pretty attractive idea.
But more important than that is how painful it is to watch Akiho right now.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, you're being too desperate.”
Akiho: “Eh?”
Kaito: “It's like you're trying as hard as you can to justify checking in on Misa-nee.”
Akiho: “Th-That's not what I'm...”
Kaito: “Have you already talked to her about this plan of yours?”
Akiho: “I sent her an email...”
Kaito: “You didn't call her?”
Akiho: “I will, eventually.”
Akiho avoids making eye contact with me.
Kaito: “I'm guessing you still can't get a hold of her.”
Akiho: “Sh-She's probably really busy, and Tokyo's a mess right now, so...”
She's been making this same exact excuse for over six years.
The two of them haven't spoken in over six damn years.
And Akiho loves the hell out of her big sister, so the problem is on Misa-nee's end.
Misaki: “I read each and every one of them. Akiho's, too.”
Why won't Misa-nee talk to her own sister?
I've never really thought too hard about it until now.
Has Misa-nee gotten herself involved with something shady?
Exoskeleton Company already smells fishy.
And according to Frau's intel, her boss is connected to the Tavistock Institute.
Kaito: “...”
But I can't bring myself to reveal any of these concerns to Akiho.
As of right now, they're just my own delusions.
I don't want to unnecessarily worry Akiho.
At the very least, until I get my hands on some definitive info, I intend on keeping this to myself.
Akiho: “Ah!”
Oblivious to my thoughts, Akiho suddenly leans over the observatory's fence.
She points at the sky.
Akiho: “There's one.”
With the twilight winter sky as its backdrop, a small, black stain slowly falls to the ground.
Akiho: “That's the fourth one today.”
We've already found three monopoles just from doing a loop around the park.
These things just keep falling.
I guess the antenna on top of the tower is still functioning.
Airi: “It's snow! Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!”
Kaito: “...”
Airi is unusually excited.
Airi: “It's winter, after all. Of course it would snow♪”
Akiho: “Airi? What are you talking about?”
Akiho: “It's not snowing at all...”
Airi: “I hope it keeps snowing! Oh, and I hope it piles up too!”
Airi: “Haven't you ever seen snow before, Akiho? Get with the times! Hehehe.”
Akiho then grins and whips out her trusty glasses.
Oh look, “that person's” here.
Akiho: “Airi. ‘Who do you think I am?’”
Akiho: “Of course I've seen snow.”
Akiho: “I mean, if you go to Yakushima, you can see snow right away.”
Airi: “The fastest way to see snow around here is... Well, what do you know! You just have to go to Yakushima!”
Akiho: “Er, I literally just said that.”
Akiho: “Wait, crap! Kai!”
Akiho: “The monopole is gonna hit the ground soon! If we don't grab it now, we'll lose track of where it landed!”
Akiho cuts off her conversation with Airi, picks up the bug net sitting on a nearby bench, and races off.
Kaito: “Take it easy! You'll trigger an attack!”
We usually leave the bug net on the second floor of the old community center building.
A monopole fresh out of the sky will zap you if you touch it barehanded, so we use the net. It's a little life hack.
As I watch Akiho dash away with net in hand...
Kaito: “I swear, she looks straight like a kid from the 80s or something.”
I can't help myself.
Kaito: “...”
I'm in no rush to chase after her.
Instead, I stay put and raise my PokeCom up to my face.
Airi is looking up at the sky.
She has a welcoming smile on her face.
Kaito: “What are you so happy about?”
Airi: “Look, Big Brother! It's snowing!”
Kaito: “It's really not.”
Airi: “Huh...?”
Airi's expression goes blank as she turns toward me.
And after tilting her head sideways...
Airi: “The weather tomorrow for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be cloudy.”
Airi: “Chance of precipitation: 30%. Air temperature: a high of 15 degrees Celsius, and a low of—”
Why the weather forecast...?
Is she seeing things?
Even though she's an AI?
That's crazy.
