Airi: “Kimijima Report No. 6 has been downloaded!”
I breathe a sigh of relief.
I managed to get it in time.
There happens to be a rest bench in front of me, so I sit down and take a look at the report.
Kaito: “As usual, this stuff is so complex that it makes my head hurt...”
But there does seem to be a more personal message at the end.
I guess Kimijima Kou wants to use ‘IRUO.’ to scatter his reports around the world.
I suppose that's his way of warning the planet.
His way of beating Tavistock at their own game.
It's possible that ‘IRUO.’ was created just to spread this information.
If true, talk about some 4D chess. Kimijima Kou's plan worked out big time.
‘IRUO.’ currently has over a billion users worldwide.
Kaito: “...”
But if I spread this, what guarantee is there that I'll be safe?
Kimijima Kou was murdered.
And Frau's mom was...
Isn't this too dangerous?
This is too heavy a burden for me.
Kaito: “Says the guy who went out of his way to get all the reports.”
I can recognize that it's dangerous.
The reports have predicted nothing but the truth so far.
This isn't a conspiracy theory. It's more like a prophecy.
That's why the mention of spreading it worldwide is so terrifying.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, can you tell me what the flags are for Kimijima Report No. 7?”
Airi: “Sure!”
Airi: “Let's see...”
Airi: “Unlock all Kimijima Reports from No. 1 through No. 6.”
Airi: “That's it♪”
Kaito: “What?”
Kaito: “No flags?!”
Airi: “Looks like it.”
It initially strikes me as too good to be true. And it is.
Kaito: “Wait, wait. Hold on. That means the AR annotation for No. 7 has already appeared, right?”
Kaito: “So, no hints as to where it might be located?”
Airi: “Looks like it.”
Kaito: “Give me a break...”
I want to cradle my head.
Worst case scenario, I'll have to expand my search radius to the northern tip of the island, where I haven't gone yet.
If Kimijima Kou wants his reports spread across the world, why'd he have to make it so difficult?
I'll have to use Junna's method to narrow things down. It's gotta be somewhere on a sightseeing map.
But if we're talking spots all across Tanegashima, this is gonna suck.
It's possible that the 2020 solar storm arrives before I find Report No. 7.
Good grief, what am I gonna do?
Airi: “Um.”
Then, Airi speaks to me.
Airi: “I want to go home.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Airi: “My birthday is tomorrow.”
Airi: “I kind of wanted to go home for that.”
Airi: “Is that okay?”
Is she acting weird again because of the bugs?
Kaito: “Wait, you were designed with a birthday in your backstory?”
Airi: “It wasn't designed. It's the day I first opened my eyes. Christmas Eve.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
Maybe that's why she's so fixated on the idea of a white Christmas Eve.
Airi: “I never had a door near my house, so I couldn't ever go home.”
Airi: “So, let's go♪”
Kaito: “By the way, in your backstory, where's your house placed?”
Airi: “It's not placed anywhere. It really exists.”
Airi: “It's where Master and I lived.”
Master?!
Kaito: “Wait, you mean Kimijima Kou's actual house?!”
Airi: “Yup! I also have my own—”
Airi: “...”
Airi abruptly freezes.
Her expression locks in place, as if time itself has frozen.
Kaito: “Er...?”
Airi: “That's right. I don't have any other houses.”
She immediately starts moving again.
Seeing her like this hurts.
It's too painful to watch...
Kaito: “All right, fine. I'll tag along. Er, actually, you can't go home unless I take you there, right?”
Airi: “Yup! I'm glad you're here, Big Brother.”
If she's going to potentially vanish in half a day...
I might as well stick with her until the end.
I also have to look into how I'm gonna get my hands on Report No. 7.
