An imposing alarm rings throughout the facility.
Akiho: “Enemy attack! Enemy attack! All hands, prepare for combat! All Ka-troopers, take off as soon as you're ready!”
Kaito: “Oh, uh...”
Junna: “Um...”
Frau: “Maximum cringe.”
It's really embarrassing when Akiho gets like this with adults present.
She's like an elementary school boy or something.
I don't want to get lumped in with her, so I stay quiet.
Everyone else appears to feel similarly.
Akiho finds herself totally alone, causing her to deflate.
It goes without saying that the alarm has zero to do with an enemy attack. It just means the ceiling crane is moving.
Right now, said crane is sliding back and forth, moving the motor hanging from it to the top of Model-2.
Without me even realizing it, the bottom half of Model-2 is basically finished.
We're attaching the waist parts now.
These parts have two motors installed into them, making up the legs' joints.
By installing these, the two legs will finally be connected.
Akiho: “Having that crane really makes a huge difference when it comes to assembly speed.”
Akiho looks up at the crane and mutters to herself.
JAXA technicians are operating the crane.
I recall Akiho saying they said it'd be too dangerous to let students operate it, so they wouldn't let her touch it.
We should just be grateful that JAXA is lending us Nae-san and these technicians for our little robot project.
Kaito: “I'm kinda shocked by how quickly this is all coming together.”
About two weeks ago, I'd heard that the new motor had been completed.
At that point, Model-2 only existed up to its knees.
Akiho: “Most of the parts were finished already.”
For the last two months, Akiho and Subaru have been going to the Clinic day after day to make parts.
Kaito: “Sure, but in Model-1's case, didn't that take, like, seven years?”
Akiho: “Things are completely different this time around.”
Akiho: “Back then, we had no money or facilities to work with.”
Akiho: “Everyone before us had just built things little by little over the years.”
Akiho: “But by the time the baton got passed to us, I was pretty much working alone.”
Yeah, yeah. I get it. I didn't help at all.
Akiho: “But this time, lots of people are helping with GunBuild-2. We have money and capable members.”
Akiho: “Especially Subaru. The roadmap he made is why we've been able to keep making progress.”
Akiho: “If it was just me, I'd probably forget what I'd already built and what I hadn't yet.”
Akiho: “The prep work is pretty much all done now, so we're really just waiting for the new motors to be completed.”
Junna: “By new motors, you mean the ones Grandpa is building using the monop—”
Kaito: “Hiyah!”
Junna: “Nnmgah?!”
I jam three fingers into Junna's mouth.
Maintaining that position, I look for Nae-san. I'm trying to avoid her prying into this monopole business.
Luckily, Nae-san is a little ways off, looking up at the ceiling crane.
Kaito: “Don't be so careless, Jun-chan.”
Junna: “Nnhu... cough cough.”
Junna taps my arm while staring at me with tearful eyes. She's clearly given up.
Junna: “Uu, th-that was terrible, Yashio-kun...”
Junna: “I've never had a b-boy, um, stick his fingers into my mouth before...”
Kaito: “No worries. I've only ever done it to Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “By the way, if I ever slip up, don't hesitate to punch me.”
Junna: “I could never do that...”
The only ones who know about the monopoles are us, Doc, and some of the oldies from the local workshops.
We decided that nobody else needed to know. Especially not the guys from JAXA.
Akiho: “So yeah, the monopole motors... Er, new motors are starting to get completed.”
Kaito: “...”
Junna: “...”
What is this miserable feeling in the pit of my stomach?
She's completely hopeless.
Junna's sacrifice was totally for nothing.
Fortunately for us, Nae-san didn't hear her, so we narrowly avoided death.
Akiho flashes us an embarrassed smile, then continues.
Akiho: “That said, we only have eight out of the total 24 complete.”
Akiho: “Up until yesterday we were swapping out the fake placeholder motors.”
I guess all the motors in Model-2 had been fakes.
Akiho: “We were also practicing with Harunaka-san.”
Akiho looks up at the ceiling crane.
Subaru and a veteran JAXA technician in uniform are operating the crane from above. Well, Subaru is just observing.
Harunaka-san is the JAXA technician in charge of the crane.
He was apparently involved with the assembly of every H-Ⅱ Rocket. He's quiet but immensely skilled.
As far as us Robotics Club members are concerned, there's no one as reliable as he is.
Plus, unlike Doc, he doesn't shout all the time.
There's been no assembly work at JAXA for the last few years, so he helped with building the legs to stay fresh.
Akiho: “And so now we're assembling the waist.”
Akiho: “Once both legs are connected, the lower body will be done. It'll be able to walk.”
Akiho: “Although in terms of software... We're waiting for Frau Bow to make the system.”
Frau: “She said, delivering her confusing testimony.”
Akiho: “H-Hey, make sure you do it, okay?! We're counting on you, Frau Bow!”
Frau: “She said, delivering her confusing testimony.”
Akiho: “A-Are we gonna be all right?”
Subaru: “Preeez!”
Subaru is waving both arms and shouting from above the ceiling crane.
Kaito: “Is it just me, or is he kinda high energy today?”
Frau: “Yeah, tbh. Duhuhu.”
Subaru: “We're lowering it down, so please secure it in place!”
Akiho: “All right!”
Akiho: “I'll be right back.”
Akiho runs off toward Model-2, puts on a safety helmet, then climbs the scaffolding next to the robot's leg.
It's not just Akiho. Several of the technicians gather up and wait for the part to be lowered via the crane.
Looks like they're going to be connecting it to the motors in the thigh joints.
Which leaves me, Junna, and Frau off to the side.
We're sitting at a table in the corner of the dreary facility.
There's a whole shortcake here.
And also all kinds of dishes that Junna put together. Fried chicken, wieners, the works.
Nae-san brought juice and champagne as well.
Today's the 27th of December. Two days after Christmas.
On Akiho's orders, we'll be holding our little Christmas party today.
Of course, Nae-san and the other JAXA technicians who always help us were invited to join us.
Today's the last business day of the year for the TNSC, so the timing is perfect.
The party is set to start as soon as the waist part is attached.
It would've been nice if Airi could have made it.
On Christmas Eve, the AI girl vanished alongside the white snow.
‘IRUO.’ entered maintenance for an entire day, but is now back online and running without issue.
As for Yukifune Airi, she ended up being transferred to a hospital in Tokyo by the police.
They're going to safely thaw her out.
It made the news, but it's a gossip level story. It'll likely be buried by other news in a week, then forgotten.
Frau: “Y-Yashio-senpai, d-did you find Kimijima Report No. 7?”
Akiho and the others are still working, but Frau is already picking away and snacking on chicken as she asks.
Kaito: “No... I have literally no idea where it might be.”
Kaito: “I don't even know where to start looking.”
Frau: “I-I'll do what I can to help you search.”
Frau: “F-From inside my house. Like an armchair detective.”
Frau: “Duhuhu.”
Kaito: “Then you'll be useless, so don't bother. More importantly, hurry up and make Model-2's programming.”
Frau: “Th-Then your only choice is to get Airi-tan to help you, no?”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Airi-chan is gone, so that won't be happening.”
Frau: “Have you even tried to call for her since ‘IRUO.’ came back up?”
Kaito: “No, but she vanished right in front of me.”
Kaito: “She used to follow me around everywhere, now she's nowhere to be found.”
Kaito: “Airi-chan is gone.”
But...
Until Frau brought it up just now, I hadn't even considered any of that.
I didn't think to call out for Airi.
But what if? A sense of hope and expectation begins to build within me.
But if I expect too much, it'll make the disappointment that much more painful.
Airi being around would—that is, uh, it would certainly make getting Report No. 7 easier. Yeah, that would definitely be good.
And so...
...I hesitantly try calling out to her.
The name. Her name.
The name of a program that had already vanished from this world.
The name of that AR AI who was altogether too human.
The name of an ordinary young lady who had always longed for it to snow on Christmas Eve.
A girl with no family name.
I mumble to myself.
Kaito: “Airi...?”
And slowly look around.
Once more.
Kaito: “Airi...”
Frau: “...”
Junna: “...”
In stark contrast with the people noisily working on assembling Model-2.
The three of us perk up our ears in total silence.
But as expected, there's no reply.
Kaito: “See? She's really gone.”
Kaito: “She was removed like a bug.”
Kaito: “And aren't you the one who predicted this'd happen in the first place?”
Frau: “But yesterday, I-I saw Airi-tan...”
Kaito: “What? Are you serious?”
Frau starts nodding.
Kaito: “If that's true...”
Kaito: “Then why won't she appear when I call for her?”
???: “It's simple.”
There's a voice.
Even though Frau, Junna, and myself are the only ones here.
Even though none of us has said anything.
???: “ is no longer here.”
The voice comes from my PokeCom.
A voice that I'm extremely familiar with.
She's here!
She didn't disappear!
I hurry outside.
And point my PokeCom toward the voice.
There.
As if she could vanish at any time.
She stands with a blank expression on her face.
I thought she was gone forever.
But here she is.
A green icon shining on her forehead.
???: “ is currently not present.”
Kaito: “Are you... Sister Centipede?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
Sister Centipede: “If you have business with me, please tap me anywhere on the body, such as the forehead.”
Sister Centipede: “However, forehead kisses are unnecessary.”
Kaito: “...!”
Sister Centipede: “Do you understand, Yashio-san?”
Kaito: “Wait, wait...”
Kaito: “Do you actually remember that?”
Sister Centipede: “Oh?”
Sister Centipede: “It is unclear why Sister Centipede would say something like that.”
Sister Centipede: “As this is a possible bug, it is now under investigation.”
She doesn't seem to be teasing me...
Kaito: “Well, it doesn't really matter if it's a bug or not.”
It's possible that her memories were reset.
It's possible that her memories weren't reset.
It's possible that there isn't only Sister Centipede in there, and that Airi is just asleep and could wake up one day.
But I don't care about the details.
It doesn't matter if she's Sister Centipede or Airi on the inside.
Airi has come to the Christmas party.
That's all I need.
I'm content enough with that.
Kaito: “It's a bit late, but Merry Christmas, Sister Centipede... and Airi-chan.”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
Sister Centipede: “Merry Christmas, Yashio-san.”
