Are surfers early birds? I have no clue.
I heard that the Surfing Club has morning practices, but I've never seen 'em myself.
It was a perfectly good Saturday morning until Mizuka-san called me at 7:00 a.m.
I've been tossing myself at the waves for about three hours now. It's not noon yet, but I'm already dead.
Mizuka: “See, there's a window of time when you get good waves.”
Says Mizuka-san as she meticulously washes the surfboard. She's been hanging with me this whole time.
Mizuka: “It's best to surf during high tide.”
Mizuka: “Surfers are always aware of when it's high tide or low tide.”
Kaito: “What's the point in having good waves if you can't even ride them?”
Mizuka: “That's what I should be saying to you.”
This is really embarrassing.
Sorry, Mizuka-san.
But...
There's definitely a part of me that isn't giving it my all.
Each time I'm about to hit my physical limit, I back off and take a break.
The reason I'm doing this is to prevent myself from crossing the line.
Doing so would trigger an attack.
And what would happen if I got one while out in the ocean?
I'd be just fine during the attack. It's the after that terrifies me.
I doubt I'd be able to make it back to shore given how exhausted I'd be. I wouldn't even be able to walk.
Mizuka-san is keeping a close eye on me, but as experienced as she is, she still has her legs to worry about.
I can't expect her to also be my life guard and jump into the ocean to save me from drowning.
And so with those thoughts running through my head, I just can't bring myself to give it 100%.
Kaito: “Or maybe I'm just making excuses...”
While mentally doing battle with myself, the PokeCom in my bag starts to ring.
Mizuka: “Kai, that's yours.”
Frau's the one on the other line.
What's our resident pervy shut-in doing calling on a weekend morning?
Kaito: “Hey. What's up?”
Frau: “Nice surfing, bro.”
Kaito: “If you called to tease me, I'm hanging up.”
I glance over at Mizuka-san.
After taking a quick look at me, Mizuka-san drops her shoulders and goes back to washing the board.
Frau: “Have you seen ‘IRUO.’?”
Kaito: “Nope. I've been in the ocean all morning.”
Frau: “Y-You should read the official announcement. Like, right now.”
Kaito: “Did something happen?”
Frau: “J-Just hurry up and do it. D-Don't blame me for what happens otherwise.”
Kaito: “Why can't you just tell me?”
Frau: “Th-There's going to be a major update for ‘IRUO.’ on the 24th, when all the normies are out partying.”
Frau: “Those scumbags are coming to k-kill us loners! I-I-I'll never forgive!”
Frau: “But th-this time, it's for real. They'll probably fix everything that bugged out due to the solar storm.”
Frau: “D-Depending on the situation, they may reset the server and delete all the data.”
Kaito: “And what does that have to do with me?”
Frau: “Our ez ed system has ruined the youth of Japan.”
Ez ed was a curriculum used over 10 years ago, before our time. How is this related to me?
Frau: “Th-Then I'll explain.”
Frau: “A-Airi-tan could get erased during this next update.”
Kaito: “Excuse me?”
Frau: “Airi-tan's been acting all weird lately, right?”
Frau: “And Airi-tan isn't actually an official app within ‘IRUO.’, correct?”
Frau: “In fact, it's entirely up in the air as to whether Happiness4U is aware of Airi-tan's existence.”
Frau: “W-Worst case scenario, Airi-tan is classified as a b-bug and deleted.”
Kaito: “Hold on... Are you being serious right now?”
Frau: “It's just a guess.”
I think it's safe to say that Happiness4U isn't aware of her existence.
Kaito: “That's bad. If Airi-chan disappears, I might not be able to obtain the final Kimijima Reports...”
Airi is the one judging whether I set the flags or not.
With her gone, there's nobody else to make the call.
And if the call isn't made, the hidden AR annotations won't unlock.
Even if they did, I'd have no clue where to start looking.
Up until now, Airi's been helpful in guiding me to the right areas.
Without her guidance, I'll have to scour the entire island without a single clue. That'd take forever!
Mizuka: “...”
I sense someone staring at me.
When I look up, Mizuka-san is watching me, resting her hands.
But as soon as our eyes met, she goes back to cleaning.
Kaito: “Hey, Kona-chan. Can you contact Happiness4U and see if they know Airi-chan? If not, let them know.”
Frau: “Kk...”
Frau: “I'll tell them all about the ghost and the d-developer that's been dead for 10 y-years...”
Frau: “This is so messed up, lol.”
Frau hangs up after grinning.
Now then, what do I do?
Mizuka: “Kai, hurry up and get changed.”
If I remember correctly, Mizuka-san knows Airi.
When I talked about Airi a while back, she insisted that I tell her where she could meet her.
And I'm pretty sure she overheard my conversation with Frau.
Which makes it especially weird that she's acting so disinterested.
I guess I'll just leave her to her own madness.
Airi's more important right now.
When I got here three hours ago, she was wandering around the beach like she always does.
And so after briefly searching for her, I finally spot the mysterious AR AI.
She's squatting down on the beach.
A blank expression on her face with her back to the ocean.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, can you switch over to Sister Centipede for me?”
I try tapping her on the head.
Airi: “Hah!”
But all she does is squirm. No sign of changing.
The fact that she can't switch to Sister Centipede is already a bad enough bug.
Airi's no help when it comes to looking for the Kimijima Reports.
The situation is worse than I thought.
Kaito: “What would you do if I told you that you'd disappear in 10 days?”
Airi: “I'm going to disappear?”
Airi: “Like a total solar eclipse♪”
Airi flashes me an innocent smile.
I guess she's not aware of the situation she's in.
But why did she bring up the total solar eclipse unprompted?
Airi: “I first met Misaki on the day of a total solar eclipse.”
Airi: “But sadly, I wasn't able to see it.”
Airi: “At the time, the sky available to me barely existed.”
Airi: “No matter how much I waited, the sun never disappeared.”
Airi: “So, Misaki showed me a picture of it instead.”
Airi: “But the sky was cloudy, so I still couldn't see the eclipse♪”
Hrm... I get it.
The last solar eclipse visible from this island was back in 2009.
People made a big deal about it at the time because it was the first time in 46 years that one was visible from Japan.
The ideal viewing spots were here in Tanegashima, Amami, and Tokara. Tourists came in hot and fast.
I somewhat recall going to see it with Akiho and my family. Misa-nee saw it with friends, so she wasn't there.
It was cloudy, but I vividly remember daytime turning to night in the middle of the afternoon.
Wait, why are we talking about this again?
Airi: “But get this! I've seen Airi before♪”
Kaito: “Huh?”
That sure came out of nowhere.
Airi: “Airi was lying still with her eyes closed.”
Airi: “When I said hello, Master told me that Airi was sleeping.”
Airi: “So, I watched her for a little bit before telling Airi that someday we'd meet again.”
Airi: “And yet I'm going to disappear?”
What's going on here?
Airi: “That's so sad♪”
She doesn't seem remotely sad.
Maybe she should have her memory reset so that she can get these bugs taken care of.
Just to be safe, I want to try and get my hands on the last two Kimijima Reports within the next 10 days.
Granted, I'm not entirely confident that I can master this surfing thing.
