Akiho: “Heh... heh...”
Subaru: “Haaah... hahh..”
Fujita: “All right, watch carefully. Don't you take your eyes off of it.”
Akiho: “Okay, I get it. Hurry up!”
Subaru: “Prez, why are you whispering? You've got me doing it too now.”
Akiho: “Cuz it makes this feel more like a secret experiment.”
Fujita: “Who cares about that?!”
Fujita: “Just shut up and watch!”
Subaru: “You're whispering too, Doc...”
Akiho: “Shhh!”
Akiho: “Doc, let's get started.”
I suppress my nervousness and signal to Doc.
He nods, a stern expression on his face. He then flips on the test power switch connected to the motor.
The motor affixed to the stand starts moving.
On occasion, it surges with faint, light-blue beams of light.
This is the brand new motor that Doc designed and built for GunBuild-2.
It's the first servomotor in human history to use a magnet made out of a monopole.
But...
Akiho: “Hm, I know it uses monopoles and all, but it kinda lacks impact.”
Subaru: “Prez, you're starting to sound like the president of Space Candy.”
Akiho: “How is this any different from a regular motor?”
Akiho: “I thought it was gonna be this super powerful tech that goes woosh, kaboom, grgrgr swoosh! You know?”
Subaru: “Now you just sound like an idiot.”
Yup, it's about time to ignore Subaru. Meanwhile, he's sighing out of disappointment, I guess.
Fujita: “A high-powered motor like that would only wreck the gears.”
Fujita: “You have to think more practically.”
Akiho: “...”
He scolded me.
Fujita: “I tuned it to a level that wouldn't cause problems for Model-2 if it was installed right now.”
Fujita: “I say tuned, but I've only really done the basics so far.”
Subaru: “Can you give us a rundown of its capabilities?”
Fujita: “Sure. The definitive difference between the old motor and this one is its output.”
Fujita: “Compared to the servomotors in Model-1, it can output ten times more power with the same amount of energy.”
Subaru: “Ten times?!”
Fujita: “And even that ain't its full potential. This is playin' on the conservative side of things.”
Fujita: “The monopole is something else.”
Fujita: “With this motor, Model-2 will be able to move more than Model-1 using less power.”
Says Doc as he shuts it off.
Fujita: “Truth be told, this motor is an outrageous beast.”
Fujita: “Both in capability and price.”
Fujita: “I couldn't even begin to tell you how much this thing's gonna end up bein' worth.”
Fujita: “But it's something that doesn't exist on Earth. I figure a few hundred thousand yen ain't gonna cut it.”
Akiho: “Can you give us a ballpark estimate?”
Subaru: “I wouldn't be surprised if it went over a 100 million.”
Akiho: “Say wha...?!”
I can't even wrap my head around a number that big.
Akiho: “Uh, so, um, how many Skals could I buy with that kind of money?”
Subaru: “More than 600,000 bottles.”
Akiho: “O-Oh, okay!”
I still can't quite fathom that large a sum of money. This one motor uses around 100 monopoles.
Doc ground them down and compressed them. He apparently utilized the same process used to make permanent magnets.
He showed me its insides: the magnet made out of monopoles flickered red, like it was alive.
Even now, monopoles continue to fall onto Uchugaoka Park. It's recently become my job to pick them up.
I swing by in the mornings and the afternoons, on the way to and from school. This used to be Kai's job.
And so picking up the monopoles every day led me to discover something.
After last month's solar storm, the frequency with which monopoles fall has increased dramatically.
Now we get around 10 to 20 a day.
There's no way this is anything but abnormal.
All the monopoles sitting around on the grass resemble mouse poop. And that's kinda gross, to be honest.
The neighbors have finally started to take notice of them, but they seem unphased. People here are pretty chill.
Fortunately, nobody from JAXA has heard anything yet.
I've also been doing my best to avoid having Dad figure things out.
Subaru: “We're planning on using a total of 24 servomotors for Model-2.”
Fujita: “So, we still need four more? Hrm, we should be able to wrap this up this month.”
Fortunately for us, we have a huge stock of monopoles.
It takes a little bit of time and money to turn them into magnets, but things are going as planned, mostly.
To be honest, I'm actually a li'l worried about whether these motors will really be enough to move Model-2.
I find myself wondering if we should maybe raise the number of monopoles we use per motor.
I have no clue if using more monopoles would result in more magnetism, so maybe I'm just crazy.
Both Subaru and Doc are against the idea.
Subaru: “If you want to finish building Model-2 by the end of the year, we should avoid increasing the number.”
Akiho: “But the Expo's in February, right? We still have a little bit of leeway.”
Subaru: “If possible, I'd like to dedicate the entire next month to setting up the drive system.”
Akiho: “Ah, okay.”
Akiho: “Got it. All right, Doc. Go ahead and mass produce this thing!”
Fujita: “Mass produce, my ass. You're a goddamn slave driver, I swear.”
Fujita: “Do you really think I can make over 20 of these damn things by myself in half a month?”
Akiho: “What? Then what are we gonna do?”
Fujita: “We've gotta take a human-wave approach to this. I'll get the island's mechanics to cooperate.”
Akiho: “You mean like Old Man Kamata and Old Man Minato?”
Fujita: “Yup.”
Subaru: “I think we should try to keep the existence of the monopole on the downlow if possible.”
Fujita: “Then there's no way I can accept an order to make over 24 motors by February.”
Subaru: “Your call, Prez.”
Akiho: “All right...”
Akiho: “I'll go to each workshop on the island and personally ask them to agree to a non-disclosure agreement.”
Subaru: “What if they don't accept it?”
Akiho: “Then I'll keep at it until they do!”
Akiho: “If I talk to them about this dream of ours, I'm sure they'll cooperate!”
Subaru: “Didn't you tell me that Doc was the only one willing to help with the construction of GunBuild-1?”
Akiho: “Well, yeah...”
Akiho: “And even then, no matter how much I bowed my head to him, he only reluctantly agreed to help.”
Doc uncharacteristically breaks into a massive smile.
Fujita: “You're damn right I did.”
Fujita: “I'm probably the only geezer willing to play along with a brat's project that won't yield me a single damn yen.”
Fujita: “People've got lives. The economy's in the dumps, and the job market's shrinking along with the population.”
Fujita: “Hell, in the last five months, this island has lost half of its workshops.”
Fujita: “Those old bastards ain't got no time to help you kids out.”
Fujita: “Not unless you've got leverage.”
Akiho: “Leverage...?”
Subaru: “Why don't we try using the monopoles as our carrot on a stick?”
Subaru: “We were going to go public with them eventually anyway.”
Subaru: “We could give monopole usage rights to all the workshops on the island.”
Subaru: “We know for a fact that they're going to be a hot commodity in the future.”
Subaru: “And it could be a good way to help stimulate the island's economic growth too.”
Akiho: “This is starting to sound like we're trying to bribe them.”
Subaru: “Call it an investment.”
Subaru: “Or are you suggesting all the island's workshops would be willing to help our club with nothing to gain from it?”
Subaru: “That's bold. Bold, but nonsense.”
Subaru: “I hope you realize that way of thinking is what got you in trouble with the VP to begin with.”
Akiho: “Ugh, you're starting to remind me of her, Subaru.”
Subaru: “From the get-go, I've tried to tell you that your way of thinking is naive, Prez.”
Actually, he's right. Every time we bumped into each other, he'd say the same thing.
He may be helping as a member of the Robotics Club now, but just a few months ago he was our sworn enemy...
But I mean, c'mon! Couldn't he agree with me at least once in a while?
I'm a little irritated.
Akiho: “You big jerk!”
I try to ruffle up Subaru's hair.
But he swiftly dodges my lunge.
Akiho: “H-Hey, that's not fair!”
Subaru: “Please keep your ruffling to Yashio-senpai.”
Subaru: “I'm not fond of being a replacement.”
Ugh, that calmness of his totally gets under my skin!
Fujita: “All of you, put a sock in it!”
Fujita: “I don't care how you do it, just go and convince the other workshops to help out.”
Fujita: “Otherwise, you ain't building no Model-2 by the end of the year. That's all there is to it.”
Akiho: “Okay...”
It's time for me to step up to the plate!
Just you wait and see, Subaru!
