After school, I head to the usual beach.
Akiho tried to talk me out of it, but now's not the time to be hanging out at the Robotics Club.
The path leading to the beach is half covered in sand.
If I tried to pass through here with my scooter, it'd probably get jammed up really quickly.
So, I park it a little ways away from the beach and walk the rest of the way.
Airi: “Master was a very talented person. Super duper talented.”
I made the mistake of checking in on Airi before getting to the beach.
As soon as I called for her, she started rambling. She hasn't stopped.
Airi: “Now he's kinda famous as the programmer who made ‘IRUO.’”
Kinda? Is that her idea of a compliment?
Airi: “But Master was much more than a programmer.”
Airi: “He was super multi-talented. He could make anything.”
Airi: “In fact, because he did everything by himself, he hated getting help from others.”
Airi: “He even said that the reason he came to this island was so that no one would bother him.”
Airi: “In the two years he lived here, the only people who ever entered his lab were me and Misaki.”
A lab, eh?
Kaito: “Where on the island was this lab located?”
Airi: “That's a secret♪”
Kaito: “Huh...?”
Airi: “Master told me to never reveal the location of his house.”
Airi: “He even grew his own veggies.”
Airi: “He never ate meat.”
Airi: “He basically lived like a hermit.”
Maybe that's why he created Airi.
Kaito: “Was Kimijima Kou a lolicon?”
Airi: “Master was really nice to me.”
Airi: “But just between you and me? I think he was, Big Brother.”
Airi: “He said so himself.”
Airi: “Aaah♪”
Kaito: “...”
And just like that, my impression of Kimijima Kou is flipped on its head.
I saw him as a serious and reserved tragic genius who was trying to reveal the truth to the world despite the odds.
That was the image in my head, anyway.
I guess I was totally wrong.
Kaito: “Ahah, so he was a lolicon...”
I feel a vague sense of camaraderie with the man, as well as overwhelming disappointment. Only human, I guess.
Of course, this is all just hearsay. Airi could very well just be joking. No reason to take her too seriously.
Walking toward the beach, I see Mizuka-san already standing by at the usual spot.
Kaito: “Sorry to keep you waiting, Mizuka-san.”
Mizuka-san glances not at me, but at Airi who is floating along next to me.
Mizuka-san doesn't own a PokeCom, so she shouldn't be able to see her.
Can she sense her presence?
Mizuka: “We're switching gears.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
I tilt my head like an idiot in response to her words.
Mizuka: “I realized that my experience as a surfer is getting in the way of teaching you properly.”
Mizuka: “So, whenever I was instructing you, I was trying to get the absolute best out of you.”
Mizuka: “Which completely ignored your original goal.”
Mizuka: “I don't want to know why, but...”
Mizuka: “You just want to ride a wave for three seconds, right?”
I reply with a nod.
Mizuka: “Then you just have to make it through those seconds. That's it.”
Mizuka: “You don't intend on continuing to surf after this is all done.”
Mizuka: “I really should have smacked that into my head from the get-go.”
Mizuka: “This isn't the same as coaching some kid in the Surfing Club.”
Mizuka: “In which case, you don't need a good wave. All you have to do is takeoff on a gentle one. You follow me?”
Kaito: “You mean you're lowering the difficulty?”
Mizuka-san nods and squints at the ocean.
Mizuka: “Correcto. The knees should do just fine.”
Kaito: “Wait, you mean a wave as high as my knees?”
Mizuka: “Yup. Until now, we were focused on riding waves that were about shoulder height.”
Mizuka: “I was even trying to get you to perform a perfect ride, even if it meant going hardcore on the lessons.”
Mizuka: “But for a beginner, a wave like that is too difficult.”
Kaito: “Y-You should've said that on day one, Mizuka-san...”
Mizuka: “Didn't I tell you? I didn't think you had such low potential.”
Kaito: “D-Did you really say something that mean...?”
Mizuka: “But nonetheless, I got carried away.”
Mizuka-san smiles lonesomely and looks down at her own legs.
Mizuka: “Because I can't ride anymore...”
Mizuka: “Maybe I just wanted you to feel what I felt back then when I used to surf.”
Mizuka: “But yesterday, I realized that I was pushing my feelings onto you. That's all.”
Mizuka: “Anyhow, they say detours are a part of life, and it's not like you got anything better to do, Mr. Senior.”
Kaito: “That's not exactly true.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Mizuka-san, are you really not gonna ask me why I wanted to learn how to surf?”
Mizuka: “I made it a point not to. You've been pissing me off lately.”
I-I have...?
Yikes. But I guess it's also my fault for not telling her the truth.
Mizuka: “As for why I'm pissed, it's because you've been blowing Aki off to hang with Airi.”
Kaito: “Do you hate Airi-chan or something?”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san doesn't answer.
But that in and of itself is the answer.
Kaito: “Just for the record, Mizuka-san.”
Kaito: “Airi-chan might have her memories reset or her data entirely erased in about a week or so.”
Mizuka: “...”
Kaito: “You've known Airi-chan for a while, right? You even went out of your way to go see her with Mitchie the other day.”
Mizuka: “Your point?”
Kaito: “If you want to reconcile with her, this is your last chance.”
Mizuka: “Hmph...”
Mizuka-san sneers with an exhausted look on her face.
Mizuka: “Oh, to be young and pretend at being friends.”
Kaito: “If you keep saying stuff like that, before long you're gonna be super old and miss your marriage window.”
A bottle full of warm water comes flying at me.
She launched the damn thing at me, without even using her HUG!
In the face of her insane power, I immediately regret my words and actions.
Mizuka-san then lowers her shoulders and heads toward her car.
Kaito: “What about practice?”
Mizuka: “There's no wind. We won't get any decent waves today, so practice is a bust.”
Kaito: “Oh, okay...”
It sucks when weather totally dictates your entire day. Screws up your rhythm.
I wonder if I'm going to be able to get Report No. 6 and 7 before Airi disappears...
