After I finish surfing, I drop by the old airport where Frau and Junna are shooting mocap footage.
Frau: “Th-There, the elbow. It's too bent. The robot can't bend like that.”
Junna: “Oh, sorry.”
Junna: “But, um, if we don't at least reproduce this pose, it won't look much like Gunvarrel...”
The two of them are watching the Gunvarrel anime on a PokeCom while talking things over.
They appear to be thinking about how to reproduce Gunvarrel's signature pose.
Model-2's number of joints prevent it from matching the show 1:1, so they're trying to simplify it.
Oh, and by the way, Akiho decided on two performances for Model-2.
The first one is Gunvarrel's signature pose as seen in the anime.
The second is Junna's thing, a karate kata. They still haven't decided on the exact details of that one.
As soon as assembly is finished, these performances will be programmed into the robot.
Frau: “I-I tried modifying the polygonal Gunvarrel model I used in Kill-Ballad.”
Frau: “I used the joint no., movement range, and Slender Gunvarrel's other data to faithfully reproduce its movements.”
Slender Gunvarrel? I'm guessing she means Model-2? I suppose without its armor, it kinda looks slender...
Frau: “B-By linking that to the RGB cameras, if you make a move that's outside its range of motion, a-an alarm'll go off.”
Junna: “It'll beep if I do a move that Model 2-san can't.”
Frau: “We can use that to simplify animations down to a level that Slender Gunvarrel can reproduce.”
That's pretty handy.
Frau: “B-By the way, Yashio-senpai. I-I noticed this a little while back, but your h-hair looks kind of moist.”
Kaito: “Huh? Oh, I was just surfing is all.”
Frau: “Duhuhu, how erotic. Wet hair is just, the best! Mm, deliciously lewd.”
Frau: “D-Don't you agree, Karate-senpai?”
Junna: “Huh? M-Me...?”
Junna: “I, um, well, I...”
Junna: “I-I don't really understand, so I'm gonna go for a run and clear my head!”
Junna's face goes bright red as she suddenly dashes off toward the runway.
Kaito: “Jun-chan sure likes running.”
I watch Junna's back get smaller, and force out a smile.
Frau: “K-Karate-senpai's full of carnal desire, Hahh Hahh. J-Just know that running won't fix your problem.”
Kaito: “Kona-chan, Jun-chan's older than you, so try not to tease her so much, okay?”
Kaito: “And stop looking at me with those lewd eyes of yours.”
Frau: “B-But I refuse. I-I'm just going to keep imagining things u-until you act on them. 2ez.”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “W-Well, I guess it's sorta taboo for a fujo to say that to the person they're having delusions about.”
Frau: “But I don't play by the rules.”
Frau: “S-So, I'm giving it everything I've got.”
Kaito: “...”
She's the type who won't stop going if you try and complain at her.
So, I decide not to pursue the topic any further, opting to ask her what I originally intended to.
Kaito: “There's something I wanted to ask you.”
Kaito: “Do you have any idea where Kimijima Report No. 6 could be?”
I pull up the map app on my PokeCom.
No. 6's flags were at Nagahama Coast, Cosmo Resort and the Masuda Tracking and Communication Center.
I activated the flag at Nagahama Coast, but no location was specified, so I doubt it mattered where I did it.
Which means...
Kaito: “Both the Cosmo Resort and the Masuda Tracking and Communication Center are in Masuda.”
The Masuda district is a small community. It's where Junna's house and karate dojo are located.
It's on the Pacific side of central Tanegashima.
Kaito: “And that's why I think it could be around this area.”
Frau: “G-Give me the trends and steps for the other five reports, plz.”
Trends and steps, huh...
I always left that to Sister Centipede, so I never thought it through for myself.
I start naming off the places where I've found reports so far.
Frau thinks to herself for a bit, then promptly gives up.
Frau: “I-I wasn't even born on this island. I-Isn't it weird to ask me?”
Frau: “A l-local would be way more familiar with this. SMH.”
Kaito: “You're right, but...”
Junna: “What are you guys talking about?”
Junna returns from her run, a layer of sweat on her forehead.
I guess I'll run it by her too.
Junna: “Um...”
Junna stares at the map for a while, then timidly opens her mouth.
Junna: “I feel like all the places you found reports are famous spots.”
Kaito: “How so?”
Junna: “You know, they kind of seem like areas that would be marked on a sightseeing map.”
Junna: “Oh, s-sorry. You can just ignore me... I'm sure I'm totally wrong.”
Kaito: “No... That's not a bad idea at all.”
Frau: “I never thought about that.”
Kaito: “It's true. They were never hidden in the middle of some sugarcane field or in some random person's yard.”
Frau: “Th-Then doesn't that make things simple?”
Frau: “A place near M-Masuda, written on a sightseeing map. That's my FA.”
Junna: “That'd be, um, the Masuda Tracking and Communication Center and the Cosmo Resort...”
Kaito: “Right, but I just went there to activate flags.”
Junna: “Oh, huh...”
But I suppose I could check them again today.
We managed to narrow down the candidates to seven spots total.
If I don't find it at any of those spots, I'll have to expand the search area. Time is not on my side.
Kaito: “Thanks, you were a huge help.”
Frau: “Is Airi-tan really disappearing tomorrow?”
Frau says sadly.
Frau: “This is so wrong...”
Kaito: “You're the one who predicted this'd happen.”
Frau: “O-Oh right, my bad. Duhuhu.”
Frau: “Regardless, it's gonna be way too sad to not be able to talk to Airi-tan anymore... SMH.”
Frau: “Actually, while I love Airi-tan, I wanted to talk rotten business with Sister Centipede some more.”
Kaito: “I'm not sure I know what you mean, but Sister Centipede's been MIA thanks to all these bugs.”
Junna: “Ah, before I forget. Akiho-chan said we should hold a Christmas party.”
Junna: “Um, with Airi-chan too.”
Frau: “A Christmas party...?”
Frau: “That's such a normie event! Go blow up!”
Kaito: “When was she thinking?”
Junna: “I-I'm not sure, but aren't Christmas parties normally held on the 24th or 25th?”
Junna: “She said we should all prepare presents.”
Frau: “Y-Yashio-senpai, hurry up and get Airi here.”
Frau: “Ask her what she wants for Christmas.”
Kaito: “Is there even a point in asking?”
She's supposed to disappear the moment it becomes the 24th, after all.
But maybe that's all the more reason to ask...
Either way, it wouldn't be right to say no, so I obediently call out Airi.
Airi: “A Christmas present?”
Airi: “Hmm?”
Frau: “If you want thin-books, I-I have lots. You can have as many as you want.”
Frau: “I'm down for any fetish. 2ez.”
Kaito: “Kona-chan, quit it.”
Airi: “I want snow.”
Airi: “It sure would be nice if it snowed on Christmas Eve♪”
Frau: “What... did you say...?”
Kaito: “Snow again?”
Junna: “We can't do anything about the weather...”
Kaito: “Airi-chan, why are you so fixated on snow? I mean, you only just recently started talking about it.”
Airi: “You're wrong. I've always longed for snow.”
Airi: “Almost every year since I was told I had an incurable illness.”
Airi: “I always hoped and hoped for snow on Christmas Eve.”
Frau: “...”
Kaito: “Airi-chan?”
This is weird.
I know I'm wrong about this.
But Airi felt really human just now.
That smile was too human.
Making a lonesome smile requires a complex mix of emotions. There's no way an AI program could express that.
And what does she mean by “incurable illness” and “every year”?
Did her creator really give her such a meaningless background story?
