Even with finals finished, the classroom is filled with a tense energy.
Guys, finals are over, aren't they? It's the end of the road!
So, why do you all look like you're getting ready for war?
I mean, exams are done, yet so many of my classmates are still face first in their textbooks.
Look, I know. I'm not an idiot. I know exactly why they all look so desperate.
I've done my best to pretend not to notice, but it's already the end of the year.
Next month is the Kagoshima Uni. entrance exam.
Almost half of our school's students will be doing battle with that beast.
Apparently, they're all gonna be checking into a hotel a few days earlier and studying together.
The tense energy surrounding them is currently enveloping the classroom.
People who've already gotten accepted, those getting a job, and those going to specialized schools all understand.
They know how tough it is for the exam takers, so they stay quiet. As for me...
I... haven't yet decided what I'm going to do.
I realize that's nothing to be proud of.
I mean, I am in the Robotics Club, after all.
But seeing everyone else work really hard in anticipation for their entrance exams leaves me feeling kinda pressured.
Akiho: “Argh!”
Akiho lightly strikes the side of her PokeCom with an upset expression.
A second ago, she came over to tell me that Misa-nee would be on the news soon.
I guess she wanted to show me a live stream of the conference or something.
Akiho: “Something's wrong. It won't display properly...”
Junna: “Could it be because of the solar storm?”
Junna: “I heard it's been, um, affecting PokeComs and stuff.”
Junna's been coming over to our classroom to hang out during breaks these days.
Not with any particular objective in mind. She kinda wanders in, chats, and then disappears.
Part of it might be because the Junna Bodyguard Squad is studying for their entrance exams.
Junna is going straight into the workforce. I heard she got hired at Space Candy.
I remember her telling me that the president was kinda hard to deal with. Funny how things turn out.
Kaito: “Come to think of it, Kona-chan was saying that some of her PCs broke. She was really mad, and she said stuff like ‘Go die, solar storm!’”
Junna: “Well, it was a pretty big one.”
Junna: “The ISS actually fell... China has widespread Asian Dust. They're saying the solar storm is behind that too.”
Junna suddenly looks a lot more alive as she delves into urban legends—though it's unclear if they're still just that—her favorite topic of discussion.
Junna: “Mizuhara-san was saying that the Asian Dust situation is the largest recorded in history.”
That's the Dandy Meteorologist that appears on weather forecasts all the time. He's big with housewives.
Junna: “This isn't just their problem, either. The dust is making its way to Japan.”
Junna: “There's also data saying that the Kanto region has been losing lots of daylight time in the past couple of weeks.”
Akiho: “It's all the solar storm's fault! I'll never forgive you, solar storm!”
It's this very moment that I realize Akiho and Frau are on the same level.
It's only a matter of time before she starts assigning an actual personality to the solar storm.
Akiho: “Wait... Is she the reason why ‘IRUO.’ is constantly in maintenance these days?!”
And there you have it. The storm is now a she.
That literally took 14 seconds.
Junna: “I was told that I'd have to pay money to get any solar storm related problems fixed.”
Junna: “Either that, or buy a brand new one.”
Akiho: “They should let us trade for a new one for free.”
Kaito: “Even people like us who are nowhere near Tokyo are having problems, right?”
Kaito: “That means there are probably hundreds of thousands of people in Tokyo who have issues too.”
Kaito: “If they replaced all of our PokeComs for free, the entire industry would collapse.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I guess...”
Akiho: “But I can't afford to pay for repairs. Hahh...”
Akiho: “I already got an advance on my New Year's money, plus half a year's allowance.”
Kaito: “Yet you still manage to buy a Skal every single day.”
Akiho: “My parents give me 150 yen a day as a show of mercy.”
Kaito: “Hold up, isn't that kinda a lot?”
Kaito: “That means you're getting 4,000 yen a month.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, not cool.”
Junna: “C-Calm down, Yashio-kun...”
Akiho: “Ain't nobody gonna stop this girl's ritual of drinking a Skal a day.”
Kaito: “Is that so?”
Geez, I always forget that she's the daughter of the Chief of TNSC. She's so spoiled.
Akiho clearly has no idea what I'm thinking as she dejectedly looks at her PokeCom.
Akiho: “I guess I'll just have to deal with it for now.”
Akiho: “Is yours acting up, Kai?”
Kaito: “Nah, I had mine repaired last month.”
Akiho: “Whaaat?! Why didn't you ask me to come along?!”
Kaito: “I did. But you said you were too busy making parts for Model-2.”
Akiho: “I-Is that so? This must be the solar storm's fault too! Hehe.”
Akiho: “Anyway, the press conference is about to start. Can we use your PokeCom to watch it?”
Kaito: “What sort of conference is Misa-nee putting on, anyhow?”
Akiho: “It's about the rampaging HUG incidents that were all the buzz during summer break.”
I do remember that.
I recall Misa-nee surrounded by reporters and getting pummeled with hard questions.
Akiho: “The court hearings for that start today.”
Gotcha. This might be worth checking out.
I open up the Nico Nico livestream page, just as Akiho instructed.
Exoskeleton Worker: “This is entirely unrelated. Please do not conflate things as it can lead to confusion.”
Exoskeleton Worker: “Our HUGs are different from those made by Roboratory Industry. They do not utilize a cloud server.”
Exoskeleton Worker: “And as a result of the ‘Crash of '15,’ our HUGs are built to counteract EM waves from solar storms.”
Exoskeleton Worker: “In fact, not one of our company's HUGs have malfunctioned as a result of last month's storm.”
Exoskeleton Worker: “Our company's policy is to avoid cloud based OS for as long as the security doesn't meet our standards.”
Journalist: “Then what do you believe caused the HUGs to go out of control last summer?”
Exoskeleton Worker: “I must refrain from commenting on that because of the ongoing court hearing.”
Akiho: “Darn, I guess Big Sis isn't showing up.”
And just like that, Akiho's lost all interest. I guess our president doesn't much care about where her sister works.
Or that this high-profile case might have long-lasting implications on society.
But then again, I understand why her head is filled with Misa-nee.
Last month's storm hit Kanto hard. Its infrastructure hasn't fully recovered, and there were fatalities.
Amidst all of that, Akiho still hasn't been able to get in touch with Misa-nee.
She's been endlessly worried this whole time.
Couldn't she at least call us to let us know she's okay during emergencies like this?
She barely appears on TV anymore.
I've been passing the baton off to Akiho, but maybe I should try getting in touch with her too.
But will she ever pick up?
Kobayashi: “Yashio-kun? Senomiya-san?”
Out comes Kobayashi, our homeroom teacher.
She calls for Akiho and I.
She also doesn't sound particularly pleased.
Kobayashi: “You're both staying after school. Get ready for some career counseling!”
Akiho: “Whaaat? But we have club to—”
Kobayashi: “No excuses! Do you guys have any idea the situation you're in right now?!”
Kobayashi: “You two are the only ones who haven't decided on a career path yet!”
Kobayashi: “You're staying after school! End of story!”
And just like that, she's gone.
Did she really have to yell across the classroom?
That felt a whole lot like a public execution.
And of course, the students who've already decided on their career paths are looking over at us and grinning.
Akiho: “Kobasen was twice as peeved as usual today...”
Kobasen is our homeroom teacher's nickname, short for Kobayashi-sensei.
Akiho: “Maybe the vice principal is pulling the strings again.”
Akiho's got a head for conspiracy theories like I do, albeit at a much smaller scale.
Junna: “I mean, I'm actually a bit surprised that um, you haven't chosen your career paths yet...”
Kaito: “Both Aki-chan and I kind of suck like that.”
Akiho: “I refuse to lose!”
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Jakiiin!”
Takahashi: “Shut up, Senomiya!”
Hayakawa: “We can't concentrate!”
Akiho: “S-Sorry...”
Akiho gets all mopey after being chewed out by our classmates.
There's no point in freaking out now.
We just gotta accept things as they come.
Though I'm sure some people would refer to that as escaping from reality.
