With only two months before graduation, is there any point to making us seniors study?
I'm sitting in math class right now, dozing off to Mori-sensei talking about differential calculus or whatever.
The exam takers are taking remedial classes in a separate classroom. As for the remaining 60% of students?
They're either getting a job or going into specialized education. In other words, their career paths are decided.
Nobody's paying attention. They're sneakily gaming on their PokeComs or passing around manga.
Mori-sensei doesn't care. It's crazy how relaxed the classroom's vibe is now that the exam takers are gone.
By the way, the reason Akiho and I are here is because Akiho declared that “We won't graduate until the Expo is over.”
Starting in February, the Expo runs for about six months. Kobasen didn't see this coming at all and finally caved.
So, it looks like Akiho and I are gonna graduate without having chosen our career paths.
We are some seriously shitty students.
Even though nobody's listening, the room is quiet, allowing Mori-sensei's voice to echo like a sutra.
The windows are shut, but the winter sunshine is warm. Combined with the surfing in the morning, it makes me sleepy.
I can't help myself as I put my head down on my desk.
And close my eyes...
If I don't rest now, I risk having an attack.
Caring for my body is priority numero uno right now.
I've had to push myself to the limit thanks to the sadistic Kimijima Kou.
But I have to make sure I don't cross that line.
My consciousness fades.
But just as I'm about to succumb to the comfort of the hard desk and fall asleep...
Airi: “Do you know where Mom and Dad are?”
Kaito: “Huh?!”
I snap awake.
Everyone, including the teacher, is confused.
Mihama: “Whoa, the ghost is in my PokeCom!”
One of my classmates, Mihama-kun, goes pale as he gazes at his PokeCom.
I quickly boot up ‘IRUO.’ and look over toward him only to see Airi standing in his desk, a lost look on her face.
Mihama: “It's a ghost!”
Akiho: “Airi?!”
Nagamine: “There's a ghost!!!”
The once quiet and peaceful classroom is thrown into chaos.
Mori-sensei, too old to do anything, is incapable of calming the situation down.
After making eye contact with Akiho, the two of us dash out of the room.
Kaito: “Airi! Get over here!”
I call to her from the hallway, hoping that she actually reacts this time.
I don't know if she can see me since we're indoors.
Airi: “Okaaaay!”
Airi comes bouncing out into the hallway, slipping through the wall.
She then immediately looks around.
Airi: “Big Brother, where are you?”
I figured as much. She can't see me because we're indoors.
Airi: “Why won't Mom and Dad come see me?”
Mom and Dad? What's she going on about?
Isn't Kimijima Kou technically her “Dad”?
Mihama: “Yashio's flirting with the ghost!”
Nagamine: “What the hell is that thing's deal?!”
Ack, the classroom is still in chaos.
This is going to get even more messy. We need to go. Now.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, follow my voice!”
I decide to head outside so that Airi can see again.
This is probably the only spot where I can avoid other people during class.
I sit on the seat of my scooter and take a deep breath.
Kaito: “You sure caused a stink, Airi-chan.”
She's looking in different directions.
She can hear me properly, right?
Kaito: “By tomorrow, everybody's gonna start calling me the ghost whisperer or something.”
Kaito: “I seriously didn't expect you to just pop up like that.”
Kaito: “I'm guessing you're just gonna show up whenever from here on out, huh?”
Kaito: “Up until now, you only ever went out of your way to talk to me, right?”
Kaito: “Because you were so considerate, it was never a problem...”
Kaito: “But if you're gonna issue an omnidirectional attack with no warning, I'm gonna have to come up with a fix.”
Kaito: “At this point, maybe I should just reveal you to the whole school.”
Kaito: “That way, nobody gets confused.”
Kaito: “Are you listening?”
Airi stares up at the sky, a vacant expression on her face.
I'm gonna take that as a no.
Kaito: “Airi-chan?”
Airi: “Dad left me and never came back.”
Airi: “I left Mom because I didn't want to make her sad anymore.”
Airi: “But why won't they come and see me?”
Kaito: “If you could just explain things to me a little simpler, maybe I could answer your questions.”
I wonder why...
Seeing Airi like this hurts.
It's like I can't stand seeing her act this way.
Maybe it's because it looks like she's starting to break down...
