So, what am I doing instead of prepping for exams or job hunting?
I wish I could tell you that I'm gaming nonstop, but that's not the case.
Kaito: “Whoooooaa?!”
My body is currently being tossed around the freezing ocean.
I'm in a wetsuit, but for a weak person like me, the winter ocean is so cold that it's like torture.
No, really. It's cold as balls.
I desperately struggle my way to the surface of the water.
Kaito: “Bwhah!”
Kaito: “Hah... Hah...”
I thought I'd drifted far offshore, but the water is still shallow enough for me to stand up in.
What in the world am I doing?
There's a surfboard floating near me.
Mizuka: “Kaaai!”
Mizuka-san calls my name from the shore.
I see her waving me over, so I walk toward her, all the while getting tossed around by the waves.
After exiting the water, my entire body is overcome by the intense cold, leaving me shivering.
I'd rather stay in the water.
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san is waiting for me with a complicated look on her face. Meanwhile, I look like a shaking, newborn deer.
Kaito: “S-So? How did I do? Did I ride the wave?”
Mizuka: “Do you really want me to answer that?”
Mizuka: “I'm willing to give you an answer if you want one.”
Mizuka: “You sucked.”
Mizuka: “I never thought you'd be this bad at sports. You're less than average. No, seriously. The absolute worst.”
Kaito: “I told you that at the beginning.”
Mizuka: “But c'mon! It's been three days! You should be able to stand on the board by now.”
Because of my attacks, I typically sat out of P.E. through most of my school life.
Because of that, the boys from my class wouldn't stop saying things like “Yashio's just like a girl.” After bitter experiences like that, who would want to play sports?
As for what I'm doing in this winter wonderland? I'm surfing, that's what.
Not because I suddenly decided to become a pro surfer. I couldn't care less about the sport.
But one of the unlock flags for Kimijima Report No. 6 is as follows:
“Ride a wave for three or more seconds on a geotagged surfboard.”
Sure would've been nice to have had this flag during the summer.
I honestly figured three seconds would be no big deal when I stormed into the Surfing Club.
But they didn't take me seriously because I'm in the Robotics Club.
So, I had no choice but to ask Mizuka-san, a first-generation Surfing Club member.
Mizuka-san was reluctant at first, but I managed to drag her out here in exchange for buying 10 passion fruit buns.
She even agreed to coach me through the process. Talk about a life saver! Or not.
I'm on day three, but Mizuka-san has been a demon since the very start.
She even made me want to legit run away multiple times thanks to her tryhard training methods.
She's been trash talking me for over an hour today.
Winter days are short.
That's why once school ends, I come here to the beach, change into my wetsuit, warmup, and jump into the ocean.
Then, like a beat up old rag, I get thrown around by the waves, swallow a bunch of seawater, and writhe in pain.
If I get tired and head back to shore, Mizuka-san is there waiting for me.
After a tiny two-minute break, she sends me back into the ocean. “Get back to practice!” she says.
I mean, yes, I'm the one who asked her to coach me.
I didn't have to pay her anything. I only promised to buy 10 passion fruit buns from her.
In other words, Mizuka-san is coaching me out of the kindness of her heart, so I can't complain.
But even then, I have some questions about the way she treats non-athletes. Specifically, me.
Mizuka: “You're barely watching the waves, Kai.”
Mizuka: “No wonder you can't ride them.”
Mizuka: “Your positioning when waiting for a wave sucks. What were you trying to do by diving right into a break?”
Kaito: “How am I supposed to tell at a glance where a break is gonna be?”
Kaito: “Plus, I can't move very fast while paddling.”
Mizuka: “That's why I told you to watch the waves, you dumbass. It's the first thing I told you.”
Kaito: “I-If I could do that all easy peasy, I wouldn't be struggling this much...”
How can she expect me to pull off something so technical after just three days?
Mizuka: “Hrm, well, I guess this isn't exactly a great spot.”
Mizuka: “The beach that the Surfing Club uses has way easier to read waves.”
Kaito: “Then why don't you take me there...?”
Mizuka: “Not happening. It's best you stay away. If you get in their way, you're the one that's gonna pay for it.”
Mizuka: “Plus, it can get violent when someone who doesn't know the rules wanders into a group of pros.”
There are apparently rules for surfing.
Mizuka-san gave me a basic rundown, but I've forgotten most of them. That's how many there are.
The most important of them being that only one person can ride a wave at a time.
And that you can't get in the way of someone's path while they're surfing.
Needless to say, I'm entirely incapable of following through on either of those.
Mizuka: “That's why I picked this spot a little ways away from where the good waves are.”
Kaito: “Well, gee. Thanks...”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka: “At this rate, you're never going to be able to ride a wave.”
Mizuka: “I'm gonna have to rethink how we approach this.”
Mizuka: “Just, uh, take a break for a bit.”
Says Mizuka-san as she hands me a towel and walks toward where her car is parked.
I wrap it over my shoulders and sit in the sand, holding my knees together while I tremble.
Ugh, I just wanna play KB.
I'd much rather be doing that than surfing.
Or hell, taking a nap at the hangar. Sure it's still the morning, but whatever.
I'm really starting to hate this sadistic Kimijima Kou guy.
Screw him and his dumb flags.
I hope he's having fun abusing me.
Kaito: “...”
On a whim, I whip out my PokeCom from my school bag.
I boot up ‘IRUO.’
Airi: “—created me was so that she could get to know as much of the world as possible.”
Airi's squatted down, seemingly drawing something in the sand.
In reality, there's no picture.
Airi can't interact with the real world or even images on ‘IRUO.’ because she's an AR being with no physical body.
Even so, she continues to move her fragile, pearl white hand.
Airi: “Sister Centipede has also been around the world, but she's only gathering data.”
Kaito: “Hey, Airi-chan? What're you doing?”
For the past two days, Airi's been pacing around the beach, talking to herself like this while I surfed.
Airi: “But so far, Tanegashima is the only place in the world that I can go out into.”
Airi: “As for why, one might ask...”
Airi: “It's because the Kimijima Reports are doors that I can use♪”
Airi completely ignores my question.
Kaito: “Airi-chan?”
Kaito: “I really hope you're at least watching me surf so you can confirm whether I set the flag or not.”
Airi: “Hmm?”
Airi finally lifts her face.
She gives me a puzzled look and tilts her head.
Then, she flashes me a bright smile.
Airi: “But the Kimijima Reports only exist on Tanegashima, which means I can only go there.”
Kaito: “She's definitely ignoring me...”
Airi: “I can only come and go from those doors.”
Airi: “And it's not like I've been everywhere around Tanegashima.”
Airi: “I can only explore within a 109.3 meter radius of a door.”
Airi: “Plus, I don't know the detailed locations of the doors.”
I recently noticed that Airi's been acting kind of strange as of late.
We used to be able to converse just fine, but she talks to herself a lot these days.
Airi: “By doors, I mean the AR annotations Master left behind, also known as the Kimijima Reports.”
Airi: “There are a total of seven Kimijima Reports, all spread out around Tanegashima.”
Airi: “Master told me to go see the world as much as I can♪”
Airi: “And now for the weather report for this morning through tomorrow, December 13th, for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture”
Airi: “Clear skies.”
Airi: “Air temperature: high of 14 degrees Celsius, low of 8 degrees Celsius.”
Kaito: “...”
And just like that, her usual weather antics start up out of nowhere.
Airi: “Chance of precipitation: 0%. Mild west winds are expected. Wave height—”
Airi: “Sister Centipede doesn't need a door. As long as she has a network, she can gather data.”
Hrm...
Could she be...
I've had a bad feeling about it for a while now, but I'm guessing my hunch is on the money.
Basically...
Airi might be bugged.
Airi: “However, Sister Centipede cannot appear on a network with this appearance. She can only get information.”
Mizuka: “Kai.”
Mizuka-san returns holding a plastic container.
Mizuka: “The wind's changed directions.”
Mizuka: “Let's go home for today. Ain't no more good waves coming our way.”
Mizuka: “Oh, by the way, I got some surfer lingo for you. Best remember it.”
Mizuka: “Let's get wet!”
She says, and without hesitation, pours out the contents of the plastic bottle over my head.
Kaito: “...”
No worries, she's not pouring oil on me or anything. Nobody's going to be lit on fire today.
It's just warm water.
There are no showers on this beach.
In order to clean off the sticky seawater, you gotta bring your own H2O. In this case, warm water because it's cold.
That's one of those surfer rules.
That said, I heard the Surfing Club gets to use the school's showers, so yay for them.
Because she poured water all over me out of nowhere, even my PokeCom is soaked. Thank god it's waterproof.
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san glances at Airi through my screen.
But she says nothing.
Mizuka: “Come on, strip.”
She says.
Kaito: “Mizuka-san, you did this last time too. This is sexual harassment.”
Mizuka: “Can you believe this punk?”
Mizuka: “Like I care about your squishy, naked body, Kai.”
Kaito: “Can you not use words like squishy...?”
Mizuka: “If you're not gonna strip, you're more than welcome to go home sticky.”
Kaito: “F-Fine... I'll strip.”
Why are all the older women in my life so damn scary?
I turn my back to Mizuka-san and begin taking off my wetsuit.
Needless to say, I'm not actually nude. I'm wearing swim shorts underneath.
Oh, and the wetsuit is a hand-me-down from one of Mizuka-san's old surfing buddies.
Even though I've washed myself off, I still can't go home yet.
I gotta clean the surfboard too.
I gotta wash off all the sand and such stuck to it.
And so while going through the motions, I think to myself.
What in the hell am I doing?
It's a question I know the answer to, much as I wish I didn't.
I have to collect all of the Kimijima Reports.
I have to do this.
They're not the delusions of a conspiracy theorist.
After last month's solar storm, I'm more than sure that it's all true.
