I take one step back, then another.
With each step, I kick some dust into the air.
The surface of the device that Airi is pretending to rub her cheek against is also coated in dust.
As for my candid thoughts following Airi's explanation...
It's like something straight out of some manga.
Airi: “This seems to be what people call a cold sleep device.”
Airi makes it sound like she's completely unrelated.
I try goggling it.
Apparently, said device chills the human body to a low temperature, slowing cell activity and preserving the body.
By doing so, as long as the device is operational, one won't age for decades or even centuries.
It's a method of extending the human lifespan far past its limits. You see it a lot in space movies.
It's been said that the technology to make it real already exists, but nobody has tried to make it happen.
Why not?
Because there's no guarantee that the thawing process is safe.
That makes sense. It'd also explain why nobody's attempted it.
Kaito: “So, you're saying that the real Airi-chan in this device... isn't actually dead?”
Airi: “Correct. While she is in a state very close to death, revival should be possible.”
Should be, huh?
At a loss, I sit down on the pipe chair nearby.
Kaito: “I can't believe there's an original Airi-chan.”
Kaito: “So, were you equipped with info on the original's experiences from before she went into cold sleep?”
Airi: “Hmm?”
Kaito: “Well, it's just that the way you've been talking and acting lately makes me think that's the case.”
Saying things about bringing food to Kimijima Kou, for example.
Or  saying she saw herself.
Kaito: “Why do you know so much about the original Airi-chan from before she was put into cold sleep?”
Airi: “Because  is Airi.”
That's not an answer.
With that, I give up on her giving me any clarification.
I doubt AR Airi came up with this story on her own.
She's only a program. Even if she fabricated a story, that'd be the programmer's will, not AR Airi's will.
Which means it's possible that Kimijima Kou programmed her like this.
Yukifune Airi's sincere wish to be put into cold sleep, her feelings... He accurately traced them.
And then he installed them into AR Airi. Though I have no idea why he'd do that.
Kaito: “Hahh... What should I do?”
Was finding this machine a good or bad thing?
I'm currently sitting in the basement of an abandoned house, deep in the forest.
With Kimijima Kou dead, I doubt anybody's been here in over nine years.
And in this very basement sleeps a young girl.
Who knows when she'll wake up? But one thing is for sure: she's alive.
So, now that I've found her, what should I do?
I can't just leave a young lady sleeping here and run off.
But I have no means of waking her up, either.
And after Kimijima Kou's death, this house probably got a new owner.
Even if they've never come to visit it, they're paying the bill. This house and cold sleep device belongs to them.
I'd be causing problems if I just fiddled with this thing without their permission.
I'm caught between a rock and a hard place.
That's why I'm at a loss.
Kaito: “Let's say your story is true... Where is Yukifune Airi's mom? What's she doing?”
If Yukifune Airi entered cold sleep without telling her mom, she'd be treated as a missing person.
Did her mother not go to the police?
If she did, Kimijima Kou would've been the first person that came up as a suspect.
And then they would have found this room.
Not that I have the slightest clue as to whether putting someone into cold sleep is a crime or not.
While Yukifune Airi entered by her own will, she's a minor. She doesn't have the ability to consent legally.
That'd put Kimijima Kou in a bad place. And if her mom agreed to continue the cold sleep, Airi would've been moved.
She'd be at a proper medical facility. Instead, she's been left in the basement of this abandoned house for nine years.
Without any proper maintenance.
Airi: “Master told Yukifune Mikie the full story.”
Airi: “I was there when he did.”
Kaito: “The full story...”
And her mom agreed...
If she didn't, she wouldn't have left her daughter on ice for nine years.
Kaito: “Where is her mom now?”
Airi: “I don't know.”
Kaito: “You don't know?!”
Airi: “I know that after Master filled her in, she left the island five months later.”
Airi: “But I never followed her whereabouts after that.”
Kaito: “She left her daughter behind...”
After being freed from her daughter, did she decide to run away like the dad?
I don't want to think this way, but this same lady did try to choke her own daughter to death...
With my meager imagination, I can't find a reason why she'd leave the island and not come back even once.
Kaito: “Who currently owns this house?”
Airi: “Please don't ask me such hard questions.”
Airi: “Sister Centipede might know, though.”
I flick my finger against her forehead in response to her absurd suggestion considering the situation.
Airi: “Hah...”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “Hmm?”
Kaito: “I figured as much.”
This bug is bad news.
I can't even ask the questions I want to ask.
Kaito: “What's the original Airi's incurable illness called?”
It's been nearly nine years since she entered cold sleep, so it's possible that we have a treatment for it now.
Airi: “※■%#**”
Whoa...
Somehow the name of the illness itself is being blocked.
Maybe out of consideration for the trauma it caused?
Meh, it's not like my knowing its name would fix things.
Kaito: “...”
All right, Kaito. Calm down and think.
If I make the wrong choice here, there may be no turning back.
