I'll never get well.
That's what I was told.
“My” illness isn't life-threatening, but it'll torment “me” for life. That's what the doctors told “me.”
After “I” was diagnosed, “I” couldn't go to school anymore. “I” spent every day of my life in my room. 
It was easy enough to convince “myself” that I couldn't do anything about the pain.
But.
It was too much to watch “my” illness torment Mom and Dad. “I” felt guilty.
I just wanted to disappear.
The only real enjoyment “I” had was watching the next day's weather forecast.
Watching and believing that maybe this would be the year I'd witness a miracle: a white Christmas Eve.
Maybe, just maybe, if it could snow on Christmas Eve...
Eventually “my” incurable illness could be cured.
That's why “I” would endlessly check the weather forecast all day long. And then “I” would sigh to myself.
Kimijima Kou-san was a strange man who had recently moved in close by. “I” say close, but he lived about a kilometer into the forest.
At first, all we'd do was exchange a word or two when Kimijima-san walked past “my” house.
But somehow, Kimijima-san learned of “my” illness and gave “me” a wonderful present one day.
It was the alpha version of ‘IRUO.’, an app that he was developing at the time.
“I” felt like “I” was traveling all over the world.
“I” still remember how much fun “I” had getting to see that wonderful app.
After that, on days when “I” felt okay, “I” would often go and visit Kimijima-san's house.
Kimijima-san didn't take good care of himself, so sometimes he wouldn't eat for days if “I” left him alone.
Which is why “I” would always bring him food when “I” came by.
While he ate, we'd talk about all kinds of things.
Kimijima-san was what you could call an inventor.
He said he had created all kinds of things.
“I” don't know if he was telling the truth, but he even said he might be able to build a time machine.
Airi: “Then... Could you make it snow on Christmas Eve?”
When “I” tried asking, “I” recall a troubled smile crossing Kimijima-san's face.
Kimijima Kou: “A weather control device, eh? That might be bit beyond me.”
A time machine sure seems like it would be more difficult.
When “I” said that to him, he simply laughed and said “I” might be right.
“I” had never left Tanegashima.
When “I” told him that “I” wanted to try traveling around the world...
...Kimijima-san created a model that looked just like “me,” and then put it into ‘IRUO.’
“I” could see “myself” walking down the streets of faraway foreign lands.
Seeing “myself” in the world of ‘IRUO.’ helped “me” forget reality. “I” was so happy. But it was just an illusion.
In reality, “I” would never be cured of my illness.
It was so painful.
It also tormented “my” parents who had to care for “me” 24 hours a day. “I” felt so guilty that eventually, “I” wanted to die.
Yet despite all of this, we somehow just barely managed to function as a family.
But.
Such a tightly drawn string can snap at even the slightest thing.
A strange thing happened around October of that year.
Dad stopped coming home.
He disappeared from the island altogether.
It didn't take long for everything else to collapse.
Mom had to care for “me” alone, but she was never a particularly strong person.
About a month after Dad disappeared, under too much pressure, Mom tried to strangle “me.”
I could clearly feel her intent to kill “me.” While “I” was scared, “I” also thought it'd be okay to die if that'd free Mom.
But in the end, she released her hands from “my” neck and started crying and apologizing.
“I” wished from the bottom of “my” heart.
“I” wished that “I” would just disappear. To be gone from that place and free Mom from the curse that “I” was.
And then “I” saw the weekly weather forecast. It would be bright and sunny on Christmas Eve.
It was then that “I” gave up, convinced that miracles didn't exist.
“I” headed straight for Kimijima-san's house.
And asked him to erase “me” from the world.
“I” know it was wrong to ask him for that.
But Kimijima-san was the only other person “I” could rely on.
If he could invent anything, maybe he could make something that would grant “my” wish.
And when he heard that, Kimijima-san began to cry.
Kimijima Kou: “Airi, I know how to grant your wish.”
Kimijima Kou: “I know how, but it's very dangerous.”
Kimijima Kou: “And at the end of the day, relying on this means running away.”
Kimijima Kou: “You're simply escaping from living now, in this moment.”
Kimijima Kou: “You're still young. Your life might be full of hardships, but I'm sure there will also be things to look forward to.”
Kimijima Kou: “If you decide to go through with this, you'll escape the hardships, but you'll also leave behind all that joy.”
Kimijima Kou: “And perhaps most importantly, I'm sure you'll make your mother tremendously sad.”
Kimijima Kou: “So Airi... Please don't say such sad things to me...”
Even then.
“I” just wanted to free Mom from the burden that “I” was.
She sacrificed 14 years of her life to take care of “my” frail body. “I” wanted to finally give her relief.
Shortly after our conversation, Kimijima-san led me to his basement.
There was something resembling a coffin in the room.
Kimijima Kou: “I'm sure you'll end up sleeping here for decades.”
Kimijima-san gently explains.
Kimijima Kou: “When you wake up, your mother will no longer be of this world. It will be an era where your illness can be cured.”
Kimijima Kou: “You'll wake up the same age you are now.”
Kimijima Kou: “It's possible that I too will have passed away by then.”
Kimijima Kou: “You'll be running through time, to the distant future.”
Kimijima Kou: “I'm sure your long sleep will be lonely, but worry not. I'll show you a dream.”
Kimijima Kou: “I'll make it so that you can walk around freely within ‘IRUO.’, as though it were your garden.”
Kimijima Kou: “The world of ‘IRUO.’ isn't that large yet.”
Kimijima Kou: “But I'm sure its size will increase dramatically when the official service starts.”
Kimijima Kou: “Though it might prove difficult to see it snow.”
Kimijima Kou: “But you can save that for when you awaken. When your illness is cured.”
Kimijima Kou: “Good night, sleeping beauty.”
Kimijima Kou: “Sweet dreams.”
Airi: “Good night... And thank you...”
Thank you, Kimijima-san.
For listening to the wish of someone like “me.”
“I” hope Kimijima-san is still there when “I” wake up, even if he's become an old man.
And with that, “my” whole world was engulfed in pure white.
