I let several waves pass by.
I pay attention to the timing.
If I time it right, the wave will carry the board for me. That's what Mizuka-san told me.
That said, a newbie like me can't discern a good wave from a bad one.
I'm just sitting here and waiting because I can't find the right timing.
But if I sit here forever, the sun's eventually gonna set, and I won't be able to ride any waves at all.
I started early this morning, and it's past noon now.
It's already the 22nd of December.
There isn't much time left.
The day before yesterday, Frau got back to me with the results of her inquiry to Happiness4U.
Frau: “H-Happiness4U is under the impression that Airi-tan is an illegally modified program that I installed.”
Frau: “They said they'd sue me if I didn't remove it. LOL-worthy.”
Frau: “E-Either way, she's a weird app that was created like 10 years ago by the lead developer of ‘IRUO.’, so...”
Frau: “Of course they don't officially acknowledge her. SMH.”
Frau: “Th-This means there's an even higher chance of her disappearing.”
Frau: “Although it'd be a different story if they found some utility value in her and decided to secretly use her.”
Frau: “A-Also, it looks like the Committee of 300 has some influence over Happiness4U.”
Frau: “I-It was just a tiny venture company 10 years ago.”
Frau: “But now ‘IRUO.’ comes pre-loaded'd on every PokeCom in the world, and they rake in the cash.”
Frau: “Th-There's even talk that Phillip Electronics is going to buy them up soon.”
Frau: “Yes, there it is. That name. Phillip Electronics.”
Frau: “You get where I'm going, right?”
Frau: “So, when Kimijima Kou tried to accuse the Committee of 300 of wrongdoing, Happiness4U turned on him.”
Frau: “And that's despite being the person who founded the company itself.”
Frau: “S-So, as far as they're concerned, the AI program he created is just a thorn in their side. SMH.”
Frau: “Of course, that means maintenance is a good opportunity for them to wipe her from existence.”
I drift atop the waves and reflect upon the meaning of Frau's words.
‘IRUO.’ enters large-scale maintenance on the 24th.
It starts the moment the clock hits midnight.
There's a high chance that Airi will disappear, yet here I am, still struggling to ride a single wave.
I only have a day and a half left. It'll be impossible to set all the flags up through Report No. 7.
That's why I have to at least get Report No. 6 by tomorrow. How could I look Airi in the eyes if I don't?
I can't just sit around forever.
I need to settle this, today.
The problem is that no matter how small the wave is, standing and balancing on the board is really hard.
I always lose my balance right after standing up, causing me to fall into and swallow lots of seawater.
I've lost count of how many times I've wiped out.
I'm pretty sure I'm in the hundreds now.
Look, I'm giving it my all, okay?
But I still haven't been able to ride a wave for three seconds or more.
The Kimijima Report flag condition is that I have to ride a wave for three seconds or longer.
I thought it'd be easy at first, but I was entirely wrong.
My lack of motor reflexes is hitting me like a ton of bricks.
I'm ranked number two in the world at Kill-Ballad.
And yet I can't even stand on a board for three seconds.
If only I could surf like I play a fighting game.
It'd be so much easier to imagine my own success.
Wait a second.
Maybe I can?
The wave is my enemy. My opponent in battle.
Me and the wave. A serious one vs. one match.
My chances of winning are something like 1:9 right now. Maybe closer to 0:10.
This is my chance to make a comeback. Let's end this.
From a sitting position, I switch to lying face down on the board and start paddling.
Round One, Fight.
I paddle in the direction the waves are heading.
In KB, paddling would be like using advancing and backstep vernier thrusters to gauge the distance to my opponent.
I do that to lure them into whiffing an attack after entering my range. If they have an opening, I strike.
All right, here comes a wave. I start paddling even harder with my arms and legs.
The board begins to advance as the wave pushes it from behind.
Don't worry about their range.
What's important is mine. There's no point to any of this if my attack doesn't land, after all.
My body inclines with the board.
The enemy is putting the pressure on me. They're using a strong attack... No, more like a medium attack?
The opening is small, but the power is low too.
Are they using something like a jab or a poke to test the distance between us?
Naive. Too naive.
Don't underestimate me. I can react to any move within eight frames, dammit.
I immediately go into a counter-like weak attack... I stand up on the board.
Up until now, this is where I'd whiff on connecting my combo. I'd lose my balance and fall over every time.
But not today. I'm going to make this combo connect!
Each time I start losing balance, I input the precise commands.
I don't give the enemy a chance to counter.
Connect the whole combo, Kaito!
Stage two. I bend my left knee to keep balance.
Water splashes against my face.
I advance and slide along the glimmering ocean surface.
Stage three. I spread both arms out to keep balance.
I'm speeding up. I can feel the wind against my body, and it smells like seawater. I'm actually moving forward!
Stage four. I lower my waist.
I feel like an idiot for clinging to the ocean's surface all that time, flapping my arms and legs.
The water's resistance vanishes.
It's like I've been freed from gravity itself.
Stage five.
I go to brace my legs to solidify my balance, but the sole of my foot slips.
Kaito: “Huh? Whooooah!”
I'm suddenly thrown into the ocean.
I can't tell up from down or left from right, so I relax my body for a moment.
I've experienced this many times, so my body knows how to deal with falling into the ocean now.
I let my body loosen up and calmly check the direction of the ocean's surface.
Struggling now only causes more panic, making things much, much worse.
After seeing the sunlight reflecting off of the surface, I kick at the water and break through the thin layer above.
Kaito: “Puaah!”
My face emerges, and I take a fresh breath of air.
I glance over at the beach and see Mizuka-san waving her arms widely.
She seems to be shouting something, but I can't hear her too well.
Either way, time to head back for now.
Kaito: “Hahh, Hahh...”
Mizuka: “Nicely done.”
Mizuka-san flashes me one of her rare, kind smiles.
Has hell frozen over?
Mizuka: “You did it. So, how'd it feel?”
Kaito: “Wha—?”
I did it?
Kaito: “I rode a wave for three seconds?!”
Mizuka: “I think you managed to last about five, actually.”
Mizuka: “I wasn't counting with a stopwatch, so that's not an exact time.”
Kaito: “Man, I was just trying my damndest not to fall off the board. I was super focused.”
Mizuka: “That's all you have to say?”
Kaito: “...”
I think a little.
I recall the view that stretched out before me in the moment.
Kaito: “I felt like I was floating. Oh, and I could also feel the wind.”
Kaito: “It felt damn good.”
Mizuka-san nods her head like she's satisfied, and pats me on the head.
Mizuka: “Ya done good.”
She never compliments me for anything.
To be honest, just this alone is enough to make me feel pretty happy.
Not that I plan on continuing to surf.
It's just too much for someone as unathletic as I am. Plus it's cold.
More importantly, the flag!
If that set the flag, I can finally start looking for Report No. 6.
The issue is that the judge, little Airi, has been bugging out as of late.
I gotta check with her and make sure.
I hurry over to my bag and take out my PokeCom.
I boot up ‘IRUO.’ and look around.
I spot Airi standing nearby, spacing out.
Crap, crap! Please tell me she was actually watching...
Kaito: “Airi-chan, did you see my gallant performance just now?”
Airi: “In elementary school, I always came in second place at racing.”
What's she talking about?
Airi: “They'd call me Forever Second.”
Airi: “But at my elementary school, there was only one other person in the same grade as me.”
Airi: “So, second place wasn't very good.”
My elementary school was the same deal. There are more elementary schools than junior or high schools here.
That means that each school has a small number of students per class.
When I was a little dude, Akiho was the only other kid in the same grade.
Each elementary school probably has about 10 students a pop.
Kaito: “Wait, why are you telling me about your time in elementary school?”
Kaito: “Aren't you an AI?”
Airi: “And now for tomorrow's weather report.”
Kaito: “...”
Another bug?
This is going nowhere, so I try tapping Airi's forehead to switch her to Sister Centipede.
Airi: “Please don't touch me there! It tickles!”
Kaito: “I really don't need you to react like that. It makes everything that much worse.”
As I figured, she won't switch over.
I wonder if I can check with her while she's Airi?
Kaito: “I want to confirm what the flag activation situation is for Kimijima Report No. 6.”
Airi: “Okaaay! I can do that!”
Airi raises her hands and thinks to herself.
Airi: “Umm...”
Airi: “No. 6... No. 6... No. 6...”
Airi: “Okay. The flag activation status for Kimijima Report No. 6. Are you ready?”
I nod.
Airi: “1. ‘Discover Kimijima Report No. 5.’ According to Sister Centipede, ‘Flag No. 1 was completed ages ago!’”
Airi: “2. ‘Record a high score on JAXA Masuda Tracking and Communication Center's satellite tracking game.’ Complete!”
Airi: “3. ‘Gather 100 lost golf balls at the Cosmo Resort's golf course.’ Wow, that's complete♪”
Airi: “4. ‘Ride a wave for three or more seconds on a geotagged surfboard.’ That's complete♪”
Hell yeah!
Kaito: “So, number four is good?”
Airi: “Yup! This means you've set all the flags!”
Airi: “Therefore, the AR annotation for Report No. 6 has been made visible!”
Airi: “You better hurry and find it before it starts to snow!”
Kaito: “Wha—?”
Airi's been going on about snow for a while now.
Is it because it's winter? Or is she just bugging out?
Mizuka: “Kai.”
Mizuka-san calls out to me not with her warm smile from earlier, but with her usual bitter look.
Mizuka: “How long do you plan on chatting with yourself?”
Mizuka: “If you're done, wash yourself and the board.”
Kaito: “Ah, right. Right.”
Kaito: “Thanks a lot for all the help, Mizuka-san. I couldn't have done this without you.”
Mizuka: “...”
In response, Mizuka-san turns to me with a harsh expression on her face.
Mizuka: “Don't get yourself wrapped up in strange things, Kai.”
Mizuka: “Turn back while you still can.”
Mizuka: “Don't be an idiot and try to shoulder everything yourself.”
Mizuka: “Otherwise, you'll never be able to come back from the other side.”
Mizuka: “In surfing, the current can be a scary thing. You can be swept into the open sea before you know it.”
Kaito: “Mizuka-san...?”
What's with her?
It's like she's hinting that she knows what I'm up to.
Yeah, I told her about the Kimijima Reports a while back.
But I never gave her specifics.
Does she know something that I don't?
And then there's the way she reacts to Airi...
I know she's been Misa-nee's friend since forever...
But even still, I feel like she knows more than she's letting on.
Kaito: “Mizuka-san—”
Mizuka: “I'm not answering.”
She quickly interrupts me.
Mizuka: “Just hurry and clean up. I'll bring some water, so you go pick up the board.”
Mizuka-san barks her order at me and turns away.
Wasn't she the one who just told me not to shoulder things alone?
And now she's refusing to talk to me.
Or at least that's what it feels like.
