Airi: “We're here.”
Kaito: “...”
After walking along an awful mountain road, we finally come across some ruins.
The house stands alone in the woods, likely abandoned 10 years ago or so. I guess the forest is reclaiming it.
The surrounding area is covered in trees and weeds, making it hard to even reach the entrance.
The windows are broken, and there are plants and vines growing all over the walls.
Kaito: “Geez, this place is a total mess.”
With Kimijima Kou dead, there was probably nobody left to maintain the place.
Kaito: “So, he lived out here all alone?”
Kaito: “Sounds like a mountain hermit to me.”
Kaito: “By the by, Airi-chan... Is this the place where Kimijima Kou was murdered?”
Airi: “Nope!”
I'm relieved to hear that.
I honestly don't have the guts to set foot into a place where a person was killed.
I wonder if Airi witnessed it.
Kaito: “So, what did you want to do here?”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “I want to stay here until I disappear.”
Kaito: “Is that so...?”
I figured she was acting strange because of a bug, but it looks like she has some awareness that today might be her last.
She's seeming more and more human.
If this is a part of her programming, Kimijima Kou really was brilliant.
Kaito: “Wait, hold on a second!”
Kaito: “If you're gonna stay here until you disappear, that means I've gotta stay too!”
Airi: “Yup♪ Let's keep checking the weather report together.”
Kaito: “Seriously...?”
It doesn't even take 10 minutes to check the weather report for every region of Japan.
The ‘IRUO.’ maintenance starts at midnight.
We have over half a day left. Is she actually asking me to stick around on this stupidly cold winter day?
Kaito: “If I left one of the Kimijima Reports here, you'd be able to stay, right?”
Airi: “Oh, that works too!”
Airi: “Do whatever you want to do, Big Brother.”
Kaito: “I-In that case...”
I figured I'd stick the AR annotation here and get going, but...
Airi: “...”
Airi's spacing out, standing around in the overgrown weeds.
Lately, I see her like this a lot.
The expression she's making while staring up at the sky through the tiny gap in the trees, like she's praying...
I don't really understand why, but she looks like she could start crying at any moment.
Kaito: “Good grief... Making her look like a young girl is unfair.”
Kimijima Kou knew exactly what he was doing.
Goddamn lolicon...
Well, it may be cold, but the time will fly by if I play Kill-Ballad.
Though I'm pretty sure it's gonna be creepy at night...
Whatever. I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.
More importantly, I should peek inside while it's still bright out.
Why? The hell if I know.
If I had to say, I guess I want to know a little more about Kimijima Kou's nature as a person.
It's pretty messy in here.
How do houses become so unlivable after just a few years?
If you keep the windows shut tight, shouldn't things stay clean?
Kaito: “It's kind of a mystery...”
Kaito: “...”
Wait, this is...
Isn't this the same room as the one in that picture from Gunvarrel's last episode?
Lemme take a few pics...
I turn and look all the way around.
The room is about 13 meters squared in size.
It honestly feels nothing like the average living room of a house.
If anything, it's sorta like a hospital room. Or maybe an isolation cell in a nice prison?
That's the conclusion I've come to considering there's barely any furniture in the room. Not so comfy.
The bed is a cheap and plain pipe bed, and there are medicine bottles strewn across the floor.
Did Kimijima Kou really live here?
I can't even imagine what kind of life he lived.
Airi: “When he wasn't working, Master would never leave the bed.”
Airi says cheerfully as she comes strolling into the room.
Airi: “He ate in bed, talked to me, read books, and fell asleep.”
Kaito: “Wait, you can see this room?”
Airi: “This house is special. It's where I was born.”
Airi: “Oh, but as far as I can tell, this house is just like it was nine years ago. Nice and clean!”
Airi: “What does it look like now?”
Kaito: “It's abandoned. In shambles, even.”
Airi: “I see...”
Airi seems saddened by this revelation.
Kaito: “So, your master worked here?”
Airi: “Yup, that's right♪”
Airi: “He always shut himself away in here.”
Kaito: “Didn't he have to leave to get food?”
Airi: “Airi would bring him food.”
Kaito: “What? That's impossible.”
Airi: “Hmm?”
Airi: “It's impossible?”
Kaito: “I mean, you don't have a physical body.”
Airi: “But Airi really did bring him food.”
Airi: “Also, after I was born, Misaki would sometimes bring stuff too.”
Kaito: “Misa-nee would?”
I'd heard that Misa-nee and Airi were pals.
And I know that Misa-nee and Kimijima Kou had some level of friendship between them.
But I still don't know the details of that relationship.
Kaito: “Remind me, what would Misa-nee and Kimijima Kou talk about?”
I've asked this question before, but there's no harm in checking again.
Airi: “Misaki talked to me a whole bunch.”
Airi: “But Master didn't really like talking.”
Airi: “Master and Misaki would only talk once in a while.”
The same answer as before, huh?
Kaito: “I wonder if there are any other rooms...”
This is a combined bedroom and living room.
There's a door further in. Past it is a kitchen and bathroom.
There's something else curious about the house.
There's a square cover of some sort attached to the dirty floor.
It has a handle, so I try grabbing and lifting it.
I thought it might be an underground storage space.
But it's not.
Instead, there's a set of stairs leading into a dark abyss.
Kaito: “A basement?”
Considering he didn't even try to hide it, it must be a storage basement.
Airi: “Below here is Master's work space.”
Airi explains as she peers at the stairs leading underground.
Kaito: “He worked underground? It's pretty dark down there.”
Airi: “There are no windows or anything. But there are lights.”
Who knows if they work now though.
Airi: “Master said he focused better like that.”
Kaito: “Hrm.”
His work space, eh?
The genius, Kimijima Kou.
Developer of ‘IRUO.’ Creator of Airi. Author of the Kimijima Reports.
This is where he worked...
Kaito: “You think there might be any hints as to the location of Kimijima Report No. 7 down here?”
Airi: “Who knows?”
I'm not expecting much.
Kimijima Kou was murdered. It's only natural to think that his killers came here and scoured through his basement.
If he was the type to slip up and leave a hint, the reports would've been buried by the Committee of 300's assassins by now.
But hey, I might as well check, just in case.
I've got time to kill. Plus, I might learn something about who Kimijima Kou was as a person.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, can you follow me?”
Airi: “Yup, I can.”
Considering how bugged out she is, she's doing pretty okay right now.
Riding that momentum, I steel myself and slide my body through the square hole.
I use my PokeCom as a flashlight while descending the stairs.
I quickly reach the bottom.
I hold up my PokeCom for light.
Right in front of me.
There's a door.
Kaito: “This is...”
I remember this.
No, not quite. I don't remember this.
To be more accurate.
I recall seeing a door that looked very much like this before.
That's right. On the first floor of the community center in Uchugaoka Park.
The electronic lock is the same too.
Which means...
I try inputting the password.
I still remember it, clear as day.
HiddenHand.
Kaito: “It opened...”
Could another one of those suspicious machines be inside?
Kaito: “Airi-chan, have you ever been in here?”
Airi: “Yes, I have♪”
Airi: “Airi is in here.”
Her words go in one ear and right out the other.
Not that it ultimately mattered.
The moment I open the door, I immediately recognize what's in front of me.
There's something in the center of the room. It's slightly tilted and about two meters in length.
It looks like a coffin.
But I quickly confirm that that's not the case.
It's too mechanical, after all.
Plus, I can hear a low humming coming from it, kinda like an animal's growl.
This has gotta be some kind of electronic device.
But despite understanding that from a rational perspective...
My actual feelings say otherwise.
Yet for some reason, when I discover a button on the surface of the coffin, I can't help but reach out to it.
The cover of the coffin slowly slides away.
Revealed is a glass window, through which I can see the face of a young girl.
Kaito: “Ai...ri...?”
There can't be a person in here.
I refuse to accept that reality. It can't be.
That's why my brain keeps desperately telling me that this is just a coffin.
But it's impossible...
No matter how much I try to fool myself, it's not working.
And even if this was a coffin.
Hell, especially if it's a coffin.
There's no way it would be left in the basement of a ruined building like this.
Either way, this room is far from ordinary.
Calm down.
Take deep breaths.
Don't panic.
It's just like the room in the community center.
I've experienced a weird situation like this before.
I can get through it again. Believe in yourself!
I keep repeating to myself, over and over again.
I once more shift my gaze to the coffin and the girl sleeping inside of it.
I can't determine whether she's sleeping or dead.
And I can't explain why, for a moment, I thought she was Airi.
There's no color to her face.
She's paler than porcelain.
But her eyes are shut with a tranquil expression on her face.
She has not a scratch on her.
If anything, she's actually quite beautiful.
It's easy to imagine her opening her eyes and being a proper, lovely young lady.
Before I realize it, I have goosebumps all over my body. I'm shivering from the cold.
It's not from my confusion.
Well, maybe part of it is.
But this room is cold. Like, really cold.
It's almost as if cold air is seeping in through the floor.
I'm dressed warmly, and it's still bugging me.
This isn't natural.
This room is being artificially cooled.
There's electricity in this room.
Just like the one in the community center.
So, who's been fronting the bill?
I already know the answer to that question.
It's obviously TAIYO Development, the same people who bought the community center and pay for its bill.
Kaito: “What the hell... is this...?”
The basement is filled with even more oddness than even the community center's room.
The coffin-like device is connected to what seems to be a giant control unit.
There's an old desk and pipe chair.
But there's nothing on said desk.
However, there is the trace of something that used to be there.
Did Kimijima Kou dispose of it himself?
Kaito: “Airi, what is this?”
I call out to her.
My eyes dart around, looking for the AR girl.
Kaito: “Airi!”
I can't find her even though she was right behind me a moment ago.
I point my PokeCom every which way.
Desperately looking for a sign of Airi.
I see something drift past my screen.
Airi had slipped past my side. She leans against the coffin.
Then she rubs her cheek against it affectionately.
Airi: “It's been so long since we last met.”
Kaito: “What are...”
What is she saying?
Kaito: “Hey, so, um, I'd love an explanation.”
Kaito: “It's seriously a pain for me when things blow away my wildest expectations, so, um...”
Kaito: “Can you explain this?”
Kaito: “Please...?”
I can't move.
This coffin.
It's too terrifying.
I'm at a loss.
All I can do is seek an answer from Airi.
As for her reply...
Airi: “Can't you tell?”
Airi: “She's Airi.”
Airi says her own name like it's the most obvious thing in the world.
She then adds.
Airi: “Yukifune Airi. My original.”
