It's 10 minutes till midnight by the time I reach Uchugaoka Park.
I'm glad I made it in time.
I figured I should see her off here, if possible.
I never thought I had such a sentimental side to me.
I'm sure that's the reason why I've been so fixated on this park since I was a kid.
Well, I guess you could call me a weak romanticist, in a way.
There's nobody in the park. Not surprising given the hour, but the silence is almost painful to the ears.
During the summer, this whole place'd be filled with the sounds of insects.
But there's barely any noise now.
This sort of silence might be why winter evenings always seem so lonely.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, are you there?”
I came all the way here on my scooter. Did she manage to follow along?
I whip out my PokeCom and look for her.
Airi: “...”
There she is. Right next to me.
She's looking up at the night sky again, almost like she's praying.
Up in the sky...
We can see the stars.
We can see the aurora.
Is it just me, or is it more active than usual?
Airi: “And now for tomorrow's weather report for Tanegashima and Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture.”
As always, Airi starts indifferently reading the weather forecast aloud.
Airi: “Clear skies.”
Airi: “Chance of precipitation: 0%.”
Then, Airi looks at me.
She smiles sadly.
Airi: “It says tomorrow will be clear...”
Airi: “Tonight, too.”
Airi: “Looks like it won't be snowing.”
Kaito: “That's... too bad.”
Airi: “I had just a teeny bit of hope, but...”
Even if it happened to snow, Airi wouldn't be able to see it with her own eyes.
But I don't think that matters.
A white Christmas Eve on Tanegashima.
That miracle in and of itself is what's important to her.
Airi: “Maybe I should've tried asking more times...”
Kaito: “To who?”
Airi: “Master.”
Airi: “Master could do anything. He could make anything.”
Airi: “I'm sure he could've made a device that could make it snow.”
A cold sleep device and a weather control device.
I'm sure they're both complicated in their own ways.
I hear they have machines that artificially create snow for ski resorts up north, but it's not the same thing.
Plus, it'd cost a fortune to ship one of those to Tanegashima.
Airi: “But you know, I at least got to see a wonderful dream.”
Airi: “In the beginning, Misaki would talk to me a whole bunch.”
Airi: “After she left, I was alone for a really long time, but...”
Airi: “I was happy I got to meet you and talk about all sorts of things again.”
Airi: “If possible, I would've liked to have gotten to see Misaki again.”
Airi: “I'm a little mad that she left me here and never came back to visit.”
Kaito: “Is that so?”
Kaito: “By the way, could you do me a favor and stop talking like this is the end of the road?”
Kaito: “There's still a chance you won't disappear, dummy.”
Airi: “You're right!”
Airi: “But since it's not going to snow, I don't think a miracle is going to happen.”
I didn't expect her to be such a realist right now.
But maybe it's because she's spent so much time longing for something out of her reach.
Kaito: “Airi-chan, have you ever left this island?”
Airi: “I have.”
Kaito: “You have? But you have to use the Kimijima Reports as your doors, right? Aren't they only on this island?”
Airi: “Correct. I can't leave the island.”
Our conversation isn't matching up again.
I'll just chalk it up to her bugging out.
Kaito: “If you were able to hold out for just two more months, I could've taken you with me to Odaiba...”
Airi: “Odaiba... That's in Tokyo!”
The Kimijima Reports have been downloaded to my PokeCom, so Airi can appear wherever I go.
Kaito: “Are there any other places you want to go?”
Airi: “The JMA.”
Kaito: “What's that?”
Airi: “The Japan Meteorological Agency.”
Airi: “I want to see where they do the real weather reports!”
Kaito: “You like them that much, huh?”
Airi: “Yeah. Just looking at them is fun.”
Airi: “My favorite weather girl is Yoshizumi.”
He's not a girl. He's an old dude.
Are the bugs messing with her again?
Plus, didn't he retire ages ago?
Airi: “You know how they have forecasts around the world? Some places are super hot while others have blizzards.”
Airi: “I can't see things like rain or snow.”
Airi: “So, I only know about the different types of weather through the forecasts.”
Airi: “By analyzing the data, I feel like I'm experiencing it myself.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
That's probably what she meant when she said she had left the island.
Airi's been traveling across the world this whole time, in her own way.
