“I'm desperately longing.”
“Longing for that day to come.”
“Every morning that ‘I’ wake up on this bed,the first thing that ‘I’ do is...”
“And now for today's weather report.”
“The weather today, for Tanegashimaand Yakushima, Kagoshima Prefecture, will be—”
“#$%”
“A gentle wind blows into the room.”
“If ‘I’ open the windows, ‘I’ can see the sunlight sparklingacross the surface of the ocean.”
“Embraced by the aroma of the sea breeze, ‘I’ go outonto the modest veranda and gaze up at the sky.”
“And at the sight of how blue the sky is...”
“‘I’ fall into despair.”
“This ‘house’ is constantly filled with the scent of death.”
“It's no one's fault but ‘my’ own.The scent is coming from ‘me.’”
“The doctor told me that it will never go away.”
“‘I’ may not die immediately, but the pain andsuffering caused by this illness will last for ‘my’ entire life.”
“‘I’ can never go back to living a normal life.”
“But even then, this ‘house’ was once filled with laughter.”
“Mom and Dad always prioritized ‘me’ over everything.They even renovated the ‘house’ for that very reason.”
“‘I’ was so very very happy about it and wanted to livehere forever. ‘I’ felt that way from the bottom of ‘my’ heart.”
“But as it turns out,‘I’ was the only one that felt that way.”
“Eventually, Dad stopped coming to this ‘house.’”
“It wasn't long before Mom told methat Dad was never coming back.”
“She said that he ran away, that he's a coward.Mom looked so bitter as she talked about it.”
“And eventually, Mom started to repeat that shewas tired whenever something did or didn't happen.”
“One day, ‘I’ realized that Mom hadstopped smiling or laughing.”
“And so one night, when ‘I’ was asleep, Mom cameinto my room and wrapped her hands around ‘my’ neck.”
“As ‘I’ struggled against her, scared,Mom started to cry. She kept saying, ‘I'm sorry.’”
“From the next day onward,Mom stopped looking ‘me’ in the eyes.”
“She started to drift out of the house morefrequently whenever it wasn't meal time.”
“‘I’ felt that one day she wouldn'tcome back, just like Dad didn't.”
“‘I’ am alone in this vast ‘house.’”
“But even then, ‘I’ can't ask Momto stay here forever with me.”
“Dad left us because of ‘my’ illness.”
“‘I’ can't hold Mom back.”
“Mom has sacrificed so much more than Dad has for ‘me.’”
“‘I’ think ‘I’ should rather disappear.”
“If ‘I’ disappear, Mom wouldn't have tobe so exhausted because of my illness.”
“How sad.”
“Who's there?”
“Who is it that cries for me?”
“Who are you?”
