Airi: “Big Brother, Big Brother!”
Airi gets a little excited and starts making something of a fuss.
Kaito: “What's up?”
Kaito: “Worried about your original?”
Airi: “Nope! The police are doing a great job!”
Kaito: “Then what is it?”
Airi: “Merry Christmas Eve♪”
Kaito: “Huh?”
That's impossible.
I shouldn't be able to hear her voice.
‘IRUO.’ was supposed to go into maintenance at midnight on the 24th.
I check my watch.
It's 00:01 a.m. on the 24th.
A minute past the planned time.
Yet both ‘IRUO.’ and Airi are perfectly functional, as usual.
Kaito: “Maybe they're running late?”
Airi: “Sister Centipede can get the details super quickly!”
Airi then merrily thrusts her forehead toward me.
Kaito: “Wait, you can switch over to Sister Centipede now?”
As of late, I've had zero luck with this.
I give it a shot and tap on Airi's forehead.
Airi: “Oh...”
Kaito: “Hmm...”
Airi: “Eh...”
Kaito: “Hmm...?”
Airi: “That tickles!”
Kaito: “I figured as much.”
I got my hopes up.
Airi: “You always touch my forehead, Big Brother.”
Airi: “I wouldn't mind being touched on the cheek, chin, or mouth. Why always my forehead?”
Airi: “Do you like foreheads or something?”
Kaito: “It's just the easiest place to tap.”
Airi: “That's not a very fun answer.”
Airi: “I like having my forehead rubbed though, so I don't mind putting up with it even if it tickles♪”
Kaito: “Sure doesn't seem to me like you're just putting up with it.”
But that's not important right now.
The date's changed over, but maintenance hasn't started. Has it been delayed?
On Twipo, Frau is writing about how ‘IRUO.’ maintenance has been delayed by an hour.
I head to Happiness4U's official site only to find that they've indeed announced a one hour delay.
Frau's info is accurate.
Kaito: “An hour, huh...?”
I have some unexpected free time...
Airi: “Yoshizumi said before that if you kiss someone on a white Christmas Eve, your love will bear fruit.”
She sure does like Yoshizumi...
Also, wow. Despite his age, he was quite the romantic, eh?
Airi: “I'd prefer a kiss on the forehead instead.”
Kaito: “From who?”
Airi: “Wow! What amazing timing! I just happen to have the perfect person right here with me!”
Kaito: “You make it sound like you'd be fine with anyone.”
And how exactly would I go about kissing AR Airi?
Kaito: “Plus, it's not snowing. Ain't no love being born in this park.”
Airi: “Are you in love with someone, Big Brother?”
Kaito: “Beats me.”
Airi: “Boooo! Don't dodge the question.”
Kaito: “Then how about you?”
Airi: “I'm not.”
Airi: “I haven't been programmed to love.”
Airi: “But I am still a girl, so of course I'm interested in this kinda thing!”
She is?
Kaito: “Quite the fair maiden you are.”
Airi: “If it snows... please do it.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Airi: “If a miracle really does happen, please kiss me to commemorate the moment.”
Airi: “It's a promise.”
Airi: “Heheh...”
Once again, Airi looks up at the sky like she's searching for something.
Kaito: “You're waiting, aren't you?”
Kaito: “For it to snow.”
Even though she knows it's impossible.
Even with the painful reality of a 0% chance staring her back in the eyes.
She can't help but long for it.
That's what the expression on her face tells me.
The kiss isn't what matters.
She's just waiting for it to snow.
Even though she knows she could vanish in an hour.
This AI continues to pray for but one thing.
This Airi truly seems like she's alive.
It's a fact that Kimijima Kou created her so that the Yukifune Airi could walk around while she slept.
So she could “Dream.” However...
At the end of the day, a dream is nothing but a dream.
Kaito: “Ah...!”
My PokeCom begins to ring.
Given how quiet it is in the park, the sound startles me.
Kaito: “Yo, Kona-chan. Isn't it kinda late?”
Frau: “Christmas is canceled this year.”
Kaito: “If you're just going to talk nonsense, I'm hanging up.”
Frau: “H-Hold on.”
Frau: “Do you want to make it snow?”
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Frau: “Frau-tan did it in a night.”
Frau: “Th-Though to be honest, I only barely managed to make it in time thanks to the maintenance delay.”
Frau: “I created a-a private app for ‘IRUO.’”
Frau: “Could you download a-and try it out? I'm sure you'll dig it.”
Frau: “Anyway, say heyo to Airi-tan for me.”
The end.
Airi: “What was that about?”
Kaito: “Dunno. Kona-chan sent me something strange.”
In the email from Frau is an address.
I download the app located there and install it into ‘IRUO.’
I have no idea what to expect from this.
It's only after I reboot ‘IRUO.’ that the app does its thing.
And before my very eyes...
Airi: “Hmm?”
Something slowly floats to the ground, reflecting the lights of the aurora off of its surface.
It's white and soft...
Airi: “Snow...”
She's right. It's snow.
It's not actually falling in reality.
The sky is as clear as it was moments before.
The perfectly visible aurora is proof that there are no clouds in the sky from which this snow falls.
And yet it's undeniably snowing.
Through the screen of my PokeCom.
Within the world of the seven-inch LED monitor on my PokeCom...
Powdery snow falls on Tanegashima on Christmas Eve.
The snow is just an illusion.
But to Airi's eyes, I'm sure...
I'm sure she can see it more clearly than the real thing.
Airi: “It's snowing, Big Brother!”
Airi: “I can see it! It's so white and fluffy!”
Airi: “W-Wow!”
Airi looks up at the sky and raises her hands like she's trying to catch the snow while spinning in place.
Airi: “Today's...”
Airi: “Today's weather forecast was wrong!”
Excitedly and happily.
An innocent smile forms on her face.
Airi: “I have a new weather report for tonight.”
Airi: “The weather tonight for Tanegashima and Yakushima...!”
She spins.
Just like a child, like someone of her age would.
Airi: “Will be clear, with snow later in the evening!”
That's not a forecast.
That's what's currently happening.
I'll have to give Frau a pat on the back later.
There's only a little time left before Airi potentially disappears.
She should enjoy this moment as much as possible.
I'll stick with her until the very end.
We've still got a full hour to go...
I suppose I can kill some time playing Kill-Ballad.
Airi: “Big Brother?”
Kaito: “Hmm?”
On the monitor, Airi timidly walks over to me.
For some reason, her cheeks are a little red.
Airi: “You promised me earlier, remember?”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Wait...
Kaito: “You want a kiss?!”
Airi: “Yeah...”
Airi: “Would you like to kiss me on the forehead, cheek, or perhaps the lips?”
Airi: “I'd personally prefer my forehead!”
Kaito: “Are you being serious?”
Airi: “Are you going to break your promise, Big Brother?”
Airi: “It snowed and everything...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “How can I kiss you? You don't have a physical body.”
Airi: “Well, um...”
Airi tilts her head.
I guess she didn't consider that.
I mean, I guess if she really wants a kiss, there is a way I can kinda sorta fake it.
Just like how I tap her on the forehead.
But if someone sees me, I'd never recover from it.
This is crossing the line as an actual human.
Granted, a pervert like Frau would probably be totally okay with it.
Airi: “Hmm...”
Airi's still pondering.
Instead of thinking of something so inconsequential, she could be enjoying the snow.
But you know what? The two of us have been partners for four months now.
And yet I've never really been able to give her anything.
I suppose I could suck it up just this once and keep my promise.
Thank goodness it's so late.
There's pretty much no chance of someone seeing me at this hour.
Kaito: “Airi-chan.”
Airi: “Yes?”
Kaito: “Close your eyes.”
Airi: “Why?”
C'mon, don't ask me that.
Kaito: “I'm going to keep my promise.”
Airi: “Yeah...”
Airi obediently closes her eyes.
I hold my PokeCom up and take a step forward.
Airi's face draws near.
Another step.
Her face is so close that it basically fills the entire screen.
Kaito: “E-Erm...”
When push comes to shove, this is crazy embarrassing.
I'm sure this is someone's kink.
I just want to flee from the scene.
This is about as embarrassing as when I win a KB match after being salty for the entire game.
Plus, Airi looks pretty young, so it even kinda feels like I'm committing a crime.
Airi: “Big Brother...?”
Airi whispers, her eyes still closed.
She's waiting for me to act.
Her whispered words are the push I needed.
The go/no-go decision... is a go!
I aim for Airi's forehead.
And gently kiss her through the monitor.
Airi: “Eek...”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “Big Brother...”
I release my lips from the monitor.
The LCD screen was cold.
I wipe my lips.
I can't even look at Airi directly.
What am I doing with this AI? Seriously.
Airi: “...”
Airi: “Uu...”
Tears fall from Airi's bashful eyes.
Why...
Airi: “Big Brother...”
Airi: “Why am I crying?”
Airi: “I'm not sad... This is so strange.”
Airi: “I guess this must be a bug too.”
Airi: “Or did Master make a mistake and program me weirdly?”
Airi: “If that's the case, I have two words for that clumsy Master of mine.”
Airi: “And two words for you for finding the bug, Big Brother.”
Airi: “Thank you.”
Airi: “I'm sure the feelings I'm experiencing right now...”
Airi: “I'm sure they'll reach Airi too.”
And then, 40 minutes later.
Both Airi and the snow quietly vanish.
Only the aurora remains in the sky, continuing to give color to the darkness of the night.
