I'm riding along with Mizuka-san in the ambulance.
How many times have I wished to myself that this wasn't real?
Inside of this cramped ambulance.
No matter where I try to look, I see the emergency responders doing their work.
Mizuka-san hit her head hard, and there's blood gushing out of her forehead.
The HUG has been removed, but her legs are bent in unnatural directions.
The emergency responders keep calling out to her, but she barely responds.
I ended up having an attack, so my body was too numb to even cry out, yet everything still hurt.
By the time we reach the hospital, the sun is long gone.
The responders quickly take her out of the vehicle and head to the ER ward with some nurses.
I'm left all alone.
Is it okay for me to go with them?
They're probably gonna start cardiopulmonary resuscitation, and likely emergency surgery after that. I'd probably just get kicked out if I followed along.
I ask myself how I can be so calm right now as I head for the lobby.
I need to contact Mizuka-san's parents and Mitchie...
My head hung low, I stagger into the lobby.
It's past medical exam hours, so nobody should—
Akiho: “Kai...?”
Someone calls to me, and I sluggishly raise my head.
The lights are off, making the lobby incredibly dim.
I can see three figures sitting on the sofa.
Despite the lighting, I can tell that they're all girls.
Two of them are wearing their school uniforms.
They're huddled up in the dark. One stands up and looks at me.
I immediately recognize them once I inch closer.
Akiho and Frau are on the sofa, and sandwiched between them is Junna, covering her face.
Kaito: “Why... Why are you all here...?”
I still haven't told anyone about Mizuka-san's accident.
Akiho: “Where have you been...?”
Akiho: “I called you, but you wouldn't pick up... You big jerk...”
Akiho's voice is all choked up. She grabs me by the hand and pulls me far away from the others.
Kaito: “...What happened?”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “It's Subaru... There was an accident during the tests...”
Kaito: “Wha...”
Subaru was caught in an accident...?
Kaito: “What do you mean? What happened?”
Akiho: “Uugh...”
Are you telling me that today of all days, Subaru got into an accident and ended up here too...?
Akiho starts crying, so I grab her by the shoulders and shake her lightly.
Kaito: “Answer me. What do you mean he had an accident?!”
Akiho: “The wind knocked GunBuild-2 over...”
Akiho: “And he fell down on Subaru...”
Kaito: “...!”
You're kidding...
Kaito: “Is he all right?!”
Akiho: “They said he's not gonna die, but....”
Kaito: “Th-Thank goodness.”
That relief alone nearly makes me sink to the floor.
Akiho: “But his leg is broken pretty badly.”
Akiho: “Jun feels totally responsible for all of it. She keeps saying it's her fault over and over...”
Akiho: “I just can't bear to watch any longer...”
If it fell over during testing, that means Junna was operating it.
And then of all times, it fell on someone...
Both of those things must be really hard on Junna...
Kaito: “...Hey, do you think it was just an accident?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Kaito: “Did Junna really make a mistake? Was it really the wind? Is there a chance it was something else?”
Akiho: “Something else? What are you...?”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Did Kagome Kagome play?”
Akiho: “You mean the song?”
Kaito: “Yeah. From your PokeComs. It should have played.”
Akiho: “Yeah, it did. But...”
Akiho: “That was after the accident.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “After...”
The mysterious transmission of Kagome Kagome and the sound that accompanies it when you answer.
I believe them to be a warning system of some kind.
There's no doubt that the call was what caused Mizuka-san's HUG to go haywire.
So, I considered that maybe Model-2 falling over had something to do with the Committee of 300.
Kaito: “Fuck...!”
I strike my cheeks.
None of that means a damn thing right now.
There are other things that we need to focus on...
Much more important things to be thinking about...
Akiho: “Kai...?”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai? Did you come here because you heard about Subaru?”
Akiho: “No matter how many times I called, you wouldn't pick up...”
I press my forehead against the wall in the hallway.
I let out another deep sigh.
This day is too much...
Kaito: “H-Hey, so...”
Akiho: “Subaru's parents are supposed to be here soon.”
Akiho: “I'd better get ready to get punched...”
Kaito: “...I'll take the hit for you.”
Akiho: “But I'm the president, so I...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Where's Mitchie?”
Akiho: “He's talking to the doctor.”
Kaito: “I see...”
I need to tell Mitchie about Mizuka-san.
When we return to the lobby, Mitchie just happens to exit the examination room.
Mitsuhiko: “Oh, Yashio. Didn't know you were here.”
Akiho: “Mitchie, how's Subaru?”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
He's apparently already been filled in on the details of the accident.
Junna's red, swollen eyes cling to Mitchie.
He takes her gaze, and with a stern expression on his face, he sighs lightly.
Mitsuhiko: “The damage to his legs is pretty severe.”
Junna: “...!”
Mitsuhiko: “But make no mistake, his life is in no danger.”
Mitsuhiko: “But it's possible that he'll be left with lasting injuries.”
Does that mean he won't recover...?
Akiho: “What the hell is that supposed to mean...?”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “It's possible that he'll never walk normally again.”
Junna: “Aaah... No...”
Junna: “Uugh... Uuuh.”
After hearing Mitchie's words, Junna covers her face and breaks down into tears again.
Junna: “It's all my fault...”
Junna: “It's all my fault... Uuuh...”
Akiho: “It's not your fault, Jun!”
Frau: “...”
Frau starts rubbing Junna's back in a comforting way.
Still, Junna's sobbing doesn't stop.
Mitsuhiko: “Are Hidaka's parents not here yet?”
Akiho: “...No. Not yet.”
Mitsuhiko: “Gotcha.”
A heavy silence settles over us.
It's then that Mitchie kneels down on the ground.
Mitsuhiko: “Everyone... I'm sorry.”
Akiho: “Mitchie...”
Mitsuhiko: “This happened because I was negligent in supervising you. It's all on me...”
Mitsuhiko: “I'll take the full blame.”
Mitsuhiko: “But that still might not be enough to protect the Robotics Club.”
Mitsuhiko: “It's entirely possible that your entry into the Expo is...”
Akiho: “...”
Nobody can say anything.
It's hard watching Mitchie like this.
Imagining how the Robotics Club could be devastated in the upcoming storm is an incredibly depressing feeling.
Akiho's dream of going to the Expo feels like a lit candle in the wind.
Akiho: “I should be the one apologizing, Mitchie.”
Akiho: “I'm so sorry for causing you all this trouble... I got careless...”
Akiho: “I should have enforced safety protocol more seriously...”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
I lend Mitchie a hand and help him stand.
Kaito: “Mitchie. I actually have something else I have to talk to you about.”
Mitsuhiko: “Something else? What's up?”
I jerk my chin to indicate that we should go elsewhere.
We distance ourselves a bit from Akiho and the others.
Kaito: “I'll just say it...”
Kaito: “Mizuka-san... fell off a cliff.”
Mitsuhiko: “...?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Was she involved in Hidaka's accident?”
I shake my head.
Kaito: “It's completely unrelated. We happened to run into each other at Cape Kadokura...”
Mitsuhiko: “Is she okay?”
Kaito: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “Wait, no. Don't tell me...”
Kaito: “It's possible that... That she...”
Is it really okay to say it?
Isn't there still some hope?
I don't know. I don't know, but seeing what went on inside the ambulance has left me hopeless.
The memory of what happened replays in my mind.
The smile Mizuka-san wore in the end is like a knife twisting in my chest.
Before I realize it, my eyes are filled with tears.
Kaito: “She might... not make it...”
Mitsuhiko: “What...?!”
And then.
Mitchie staggers.
He looks dumbfounded as he falls to one knee and holds his forehead.
It's clear how much of a shock this is for him.
Kaito: “B-But nothing's for sure yet.”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Mitchie stands back up.
As far as I can tell, he seems calm.
That's unexpected.
I thought he'd panic or ask if I'm messing with him. That's the kind of guy I figured him for.
Mitsuhiko: “What exactly happened?”
Kaito: “Her HUG... it went out of control...”
Mitsuhiko: “Out of control...”
Mitsuhiko: “You mean like those incidents on the news last year?”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Kaito: “I couldn't save Mizuka-san.”
Kaito: “She fell... right in front of my eyes...”
Kaito: “I did everything I could to stop her... but I couldn't...”
Mitchie wraps his arm around my shoulders and gives them a gentle squeeze.
Mitsuhiko: “Thank you for letting me know.”
Mitsuhiko: “Irei'll be fine. That motorcycle accident she was in as a student would've killed a normal person.”
Mitsuhiko: “But she survived. She's a tough cookie. That's a pro tip.”
Mitsuhiko: “I'm just glad you're okay.”
Kaito: “...”
Stop it, Mitchie. Stop acting like such an actual good teacher for once...
I've been trying so hard to keep myself together.
But now I'm a mess. I just want to break down and cry like a little kid...
Mitsuhiko: “Have you contacted her parents yet?”
I wipe my tears and shake my head. Mitchie nods in response.
Mitsuhiko: “I'll handle it. You go sit down and rest for a bit.”
Mitchie then leaves me behind.
He walks outside by himself.
It looked like his shoulders were trembling.
I hope from the bottom of my heart that Mizuka-san survives, for Mitchie's sake, too.
