Model-2-chan stands on the wide runway.
She's been walking and dancing around since this morning.
The sky stretches as far as the eye can see.
And a giant robot underneath it.
I'm operating her at the moment.
I feel like she's having a blast, and it makes me happy too.
When we were still performing tests at the TNSC, I felt a little cramped because we were indoors.
I'm actually pretty glad we moved locations.
Though I could never say that to Akiho-chan.
Akiho: “Yowza!”
Akiho-chan is nearly blown away by a gust of wind.
She hurriedly holds down the hem of her skirt.
It's been like this today since the morning. The wind is really strong.
The runway is completely clear, so we feel it even more.
Akiho: “I'm going to change into my work clothes.”
Akiho: “Are you gals okay?”
Junna: “Ah, um, I'm wearing leggings, so...”
Frau: “I just want to go home...”
Junna: “Ah, Koujiro-san! Your underwear is showing again!”
Akiho: “SUBARU! You'd better not be looking!”
Subaru: “I-I'm not... What utter nonsense...”
Hidaka-kun's been facing away the whole time.
I'm really grateful for how considerate he's being.
But it's still embarrassing...
I may be wearing leggings, but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing when my skirt flares up.
Model-2-chan isn't wearing a skirt, so she's fine.
By the way, in my mind, Model 1-kun is a boy, and Model-2-chan is a girl. I decided that on my own.
Model 1-kun is built big and bulky with a thick frame, so he seems more like a boy.
But Model-2-chan has a more slender figure, with legs that are even slimmer than mine.
And most importantly, she moves like me.
I've come to think of her as another me.
So, it'd be a problem if she wasn't a girl.
After making amends with Grandpa Fujita, I started seeing robots as our friends.
And because of that, I'm not scared of them anymore.
Lately, Grandpa Fujita has been putting the old robots outside of his store on the weekends.
The neighborhood children come over to play all the time now.
Grandpa's regained his passion for robots and has started making all sorts of weird things.
He doesn't really attend to visitors, so I end up watching the kids and taking care of the robots, even controlling them myself sometimes.
I'm honestly pretty happy that this is the new normal.
Akiho: “All right. Sorry, team! Continue the tests.”
Akiho runs off toward the hangar to change her clothes, but it's more like she's speedwalking.
Subaru: “Right, let us continue.”
Hidaka-kun points the laser mount toward Model-2-chan.
He's on laser duty for the day.
Mostly because Yashio-kun isn't here.
Subaru: “Advance and return, then crab-walk. Do each 10 times for one set.”
Junna: “Okay.”
I nod then input the commands into the PokeCom I'm holding.
I fix my gaze firmly onto Model-2-chan.
This is the key to skillfully operating her, just like Yashio-kun taught me.
I used to always look at my PokeCom every time I tried to make her move.
But thanks to Yashio-kun's advice, I've gotten pretty used to controlling her.
Not that I don't still make a bunch of input mistakes
But I'll definitely have it down completely by the time the Expo rolls around.
Because I have a job lined up, I might not be able to go to the Expo much, but I still want to help out when I can.
Another strong gust of wind blows by.
A cold breeze carrying the scent of the ocean.
Junna: “Uuugh...”
It feels like my entire body is about to get blown into the sky.
My hair's a total mess now...
I've completely given up on trying to fix it.
And because I'm holding my PokeCom with both hands, I can't keep the hem of my skirt down.
Thank goodness for these leggings.
...But it's still embarassing...
After enduring the gust of wind, I return my eyes to Model-2-chan.
The upper body is wobbling and shaking.
It's not gonna fall over, right?
It's making me feel kinda uneasy.
When I was little, I got pinned under Yoshiro-kun—a robot Grandpa Fujita built.
And because of that, I spent 10 years hating robots.
I love Yoshiro-kun now, but despite that...
Every once in a while, I get flashes of those memories.
And whenever they come up, I find myself trembling.
Just imagining Model-2-chan falling over on me makes me go cold. She's so much bigger than Yoshiro-kun.
I wouldn't just get injured... I'd die...
But everything should be fine with Koujiro-san's auto balancer doing its thing.
Please don't fall over...
I go back to inputting commands.
Model-2-chan's leg movement is a little awkward.
The start of her motion has been a little weird since this morning.
It didn't feel this way when we were at the TNSC.
It's slower than usual, but only by a little bit.
And it's not a command input miss on my end.
It's after the walking motion starts. In the middle, it feels like something is getting caught on something else.
Is it because of the surface of the runway?
The testing ground at the Space Center had a clean, flat floor. There's a slight incline here.
The surface hasn't been maintained in close to 15 years, so the asphalt is all cracked and rough.
That's probably what's causing this.
Maybe I should report it to Hidaka-kun and Akiho-chan, just in case.
It's then that my eyes meet with Hidaka-kun's.
Subaru: “...Daitoku-senpai, are you listening?”
Junna: “Huh?”
Junna: “Um, were you talking to me?”
Subaru: “I was certainly trying to.”
Hidaka-kun answers while looking away.
Agh... I screwed up again...
Junna: “I'm sorry. I, um, I was too focused on operating the robot.”
Did I make him angry?
Junna: “Um, so what is it?”
Subaru: “Once we finish these tests, we'll be doing maintenance.”
Subaru: “Please move Prototype Model-2 off the runway and into the garage.”
Junna: “Ah, okay. I'll do that.”
Oh, that's all.
I was bracing myself to get lectured.
Hidaka-kun's a second year, but he's always lecturing Akiho-chan.
Subaru: “Please continue.”
Junna: “Ah, o-osu!”
I missed my chance to mention the leg problem...
Frau: “I-isn't it cold? God I wish a boy would come and embrace me from behind... He'd have to be naked to give me the most heat though. That's just common sense.”
Frau: “B-But not you, Four Eyes!”
Frau: “W-Well, if you did do it, I'd hold a sexual harassment charge over your head to blackmail you. Then you'd do whatever I want. Duhuhu...”
Subaru: “What exactly is it that you're trying to say?”
Frau: “It's very... cold. Brrr...”
Subaru: “Deal with it for just a little longer. If you have any other complaints, feel free to issue them toward Yashio-senpai, who skipped out today.”
Frau: “A-Actually, you complain instead.”
Subaru: “What?”
Frau: “Just lay into that impertinent senpai of yours and punish him deep and hard.”
Frau: “B-But you have to be ultra polite while you do it! I-I-I-It makes a huge difference!”
Frau: “Duhuhu, I knew Four Eyes x Senpai was the way to go. I won't accept a-any objections.”
Subaru: “What exactly does Four Eyes x Senpai mean?”
Frau: “It refers to you and Yashio-senpai. Wh-What else would it mean?”
Frau: “For a time, I believed Senpai x Four Eyes was heresy, but now...”
Frau: “D-Don't ask for details.”
Subaru: “...”
As always, Koujiro-san speaks in an alien language.
Even Hidaka-kun doesn't understand what she's saying.
Subaru: “Daitoku-senpai, your hands have stopped.”
Junna: “Oh, s-sorry.”
I hurriedly resume inputting commands.
Ah, it happened again.
She's getting caught up when she moves.
I can't shake off this sense of discomfort.
But how do I put it into words?
Just saying something feels off isn't enough.
I wish Yashio-kun was here... Then we could discuss things as fellow operators.
Junna: “...”
Stop it, Junna!
I can't just ignore this feeling!
That's the whole point of these tests.
I'll say it. I'll tell Hidaka-kun.
But if I'm just imagining things, he might get mad at me.
Junna: “Um...”
Subaru: “Yes?”
Hidaka-kun shoots me a glance.
Junna: “There's a little, um...”
Subaru: “A what?”
Junna: “This might just be my imagination, but...”
Subaru: “Please stop beating around the bush.”
Subaru: “If you have something to report, keep it brief.”
Subaru: “I'm not here to chat, so please focus on the tests.”
Junna: “...”
He won't even make eye contact with me.
Uuugh, I'm already falling apart...
I hope Akiho-chan gets back soon.
No, no. What am I doing? I'm relying on other people again.
This is exactly why I never produced any results in karate!
Find the courage, Junna!
You decided you were going to change when you made amends with Grandpa Fujita!
Junna: “Hidaka-kun.”
Subaru: “What is it?”
Junna: “Can, um, can you stop looking so upset with me?”
Junna: “If you hate me, then that makes sense, but...”
Junna: “But I want you to at least look at me when we talk.”
Subaru starts hurriedly adjusting his glasses.
What's wrong?
Subaru: “I-I don't hate you or anything like that.”
Junna: “Huh?”
Frau: “I-In other words, you like her. Piss off and die, normies!”
Subaru: “Stop jumping to conclusions!”
Subaru: “That's not what I mean. I'm just... bad at talking to girls.”
Subaru: “Especially you, Daitoku-senpai. You're the most girly person here.”
Junna: “I-I'm girly...?”
Frau: “I-In other words you're shy. I get it.”
Subaru: “S-Shut it, Furugoori!”
Hidaka-kun's as irritated as always.
Huh. So he doesn't hate me.
Just hearing that makes me feel a little better.
I always thought of Hidaka-kun as some kind of perfect superman.
But even he has his flaws.
Thinking of it that way, he comes off like a younger boy trying to act mature.
In that sense, he's a little like my little brothers.
Junna: “...”
I feel a sense of closeness with him.
I really should have talked to him about this a long time ago.
But thanks to what happened, I feel more comfortable talking to him now.
Junna: “Um, I get this weird feeling when Model-2-chan walks.”
Subaru: “A weird feeling...?”
Hidaka-kun's expression suddenly changes.
He removes the laser emplacement alignment from the parabolic antenna and prepares to listen to me.
He looks me straight in the eyes.
Subaru: “Please tell me the details.”
Junna: “It's a really tiny, little feeling.”
Junna: “It might just be because the ground here is rough.”
Subaru: “Please just get to the point. Tell me about this weird feeling.”
Junna: “After the leg starts moving, there's a second where it feels like it sorta... locks up...?”
Junna: “Er... I can't really put it into words very well. I'll just—”
Subaru: “Don't worry about it. Next time it happens, please let me know ASAP. This is very important.”
Junna: “I-I'm sorry...”
Subaru: “A motor gear could be damaged... Or maybe the tip of the foot is simply getting caught on the ground...”
Subaru: “I'll need to inspect it myself to know for sure.”
Akiho: “Huh?”
Akiho-chan comes jogging back in her new clothes.
Short sleeves on a day like this? Isn't she cold?
Akiho: “What's up? He's not moving anymore. Are you already done with the tests?”
Junna: “That's, um...”
It feels like I'm getting in the way of the tests.
I consider apologizing to Hidaka-kun, but he speaks before I can.
Subaru: “Prez, could you handle operating the laser emplacement?”
Akiho: “Hm? Sure, but...”
Subaru: “I'm curious about what Daitoku-senpai pointed out.”
Subaru: “I'll go watch from up close. Could you move it again?”
Hidaka-kun says before running off toward Model-2-chan.
Tennouji-san said that while testing, we should stay at least 10 meters away from Model-2-chan.
When we were working at the TNSC, we always made sure to follow this rule.
But it's been a long time since we were back at the hangar.
And we're all so absorbed in making our new friend, Model-2-chan, walk.
We're getting careless.
There are no adults around.
Not our supervisor, Tennouji-san. Not our advisor, Mr. Nagafukada.
No Grandpa Fujita to scold us for our sloppiness.
No adults at all.
The only people at the airport are us kids. Kids who know nothing of how the world really works.
That's why.
When that happened.
It might've been inevitable.
Subaru: “Move it, please!”
Hidaka-kun stands at the feet of Model-2-chan, then turns and waves both arms at us.
I explain the situation to Akiho.
Upon Hidaka-kun's signal, I input the command.
Her activation is slow again.
I'm certain I input the command properly.
Akiho: “It totally made some kind of clonk just now.”
Junna: “Right?”
Akiho: “Is it a lack of power?”
Frau: “All systems are green.”
Junna: “...”
Hidaka-kun uses both arms to indicate to us to make it walk again.
Junna: “Hidaka-kun should really move away from the robot. It's dangerous...”
So I say, but instead of motioning to him to do so, I just make the robot move forward.
Hidaka-kun has a serious expression on his face as he observes Model-2-chan's legs while it moves.
Akiho: “Do you see anythiiing?”
Akiho-chan's words are drowned out by a powerful gust of wind, so he likely didn't hear her.
Maybe we should stop for now?
Akiho: “Hmm, another bug? I'm getting kinda tired of 'em...”
Akiho: “If only we had one more person who knew a lot about mechs.”
Akiho: “Subaru has school, and Doc is still healing up so we can't push him too much.”
Akiho: “Are there any skilled people out there who'd like to be our exclusive mechanic?”
Hidaka-kun continues to show no sign of backing away from the robot.
This time, he sends me a signal to make it turn on the spot.
Model-2-chan is already almost 50 meters away from me.
I guess he wants me to make it turn and head back this way. The turn command isn't like the advance command.
It requires four well-timed presses of the same button for a 90 degree turn.
A 180 degree turn requires doing the turn command twice.
1, 2, 3, 4... I tap away at the PokeCom screen.
Model-2-chan takes small steps and slowly starts to face me.
Just then, another strong gust of wind blows across the runway.
It's so strong that I nearly fall over.
I can't help but close my eyes and crouch low to the ground.
Frau: “Hogyaa!”
Koujiro-san falls over with her butt in the air.
Aah, her panties are totally exposed... She needs to hurry up and cover herself.
But I shouldn't have been focused on her.
In that moment.
I failed to do as Yashio-kun had said.
Kaito: “If you're so indecisive with where to look, you're notgonna be able to react in time should an unexpectedsituation suddenly pop up.”
I had taken my eyes off of Model-2-chan.
Akiho: “Look out!”
Hearing Akiho's scream, I quickly turn back to Model-2-chan.
All eight meters of her body are leaning at an unnatural angle.
Junna: “Wha...?”
Everything goes white.
Was she hit by a gust of wind while turning?
Or did something break?
I don't know. I don't know, but...
With the dusk colored sky as the backdrop...
Model-2-chan, seemingly in slow motion, begins to topple over...
And below her was...
Junna: “Hidaka-kun!”
Junna: “...!”
Akiho: “Subaru!”
Frau: “Th-This is real bad.”
And she crashes down.
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “Subaru! Subaruuu!”
Akiho-chan dashes toward Model-2-chan after she collapses.
Frau: “A-Ambulance... I'm calling an ambulance...!”
Despite her confusion, Koujiro-san is trying to call for help on her PokeCom.
But me?
I can't move.
Where's Hidaka-kun...?
What happened to him?
I can't see him.
I don't see him anywhere.
All I see on the runway is the collapsed Model-2-chan.
There's no sign of Hidaka-kun anywhere.
Junna: “No...”
Junna: “I...”
Junna: “I did this...”
Junna: “Aah... Aaah...”
Please be safe.
Please be okay.
I don't care if you have to take my life instead.
And as I pray to the powers that be.
I'm terrified.
I'm utterly terrified.
I can't move.
My body sinks to the ground.
All I can do is wrap my arms around myself as I tremble so hard that it feels like I'm having a seizure.
