The sound of waves resounds faintly from below the cliffs.
There's nobody else here.
The only living people around are me and Mizuka-san.
We're glaring at each other.
Mizuka-san knows something.
The mere-minute conversation of ours confirmed it all.
Mizuka-san said it's a curse.
She caught me completely off guard saying that.
I try to calm my heart rate, brace myself to run away at a moment's notice, and try making a smile.
Kaito: “A curse? Kinda unscientific, no?”
Kaito: “I didn't think you were into the occult.”
Mizuka: “Don't play dumb. I'm being serious.”
Whoa. Scary...
My armpits are already starting to sweat.
I'm even more nervous than I thought.
Feels I'm a rabbit getting stared down by a fox.
As far as I'm concerned, there are two older women in this world I never want to make my enemy.
Misa-nee and Mizuka-san. I don't stand a chance against them...
I have no idea what she's thinking.
I'm incredibly confused. We go way back, and yet I've never seen her make that face before.
But if I shut up and do as she says, nothing gets solved. I would never know the truth.
I can't back down from this.
Now that we're facing each other, I just gotta go for it.
Kaito: “I know you have Kimijima Report No. 1, Mizuka-san.”
Mizuka: “...”
Kaito: “Please answer me. Are you my friend? Or...”
Kaito: “My enemy?”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka-san lets out a troubled sigh.
Mizuka: “You may learn something you wish you hadn't.”
Kaito: “...?”
What's she talking about...?
Mizuka: “This isn't just your problem.”
Mizuka: “Something that's been kept hidden for over 10 years may come to light.”
Kaito: “So, you ARE hiding something.”
Kaito: “And it sounds like whatever that is, you don't want me or the world to know.”
Mizuka: “...”
Mizuka: “Yeah, that's right.”
Mizuka-san doesn't hesitate and speaks clearly.
Mizuka: “I wish I could've lived a simple life like you or Aki.”
Mizuka: “This world is more ugly and foul than you think.”
Mizuka: “But even in that world, there are people doing their best just to live their lives.”
Mizuka: “Do you get it, Kai?”
Mizuka: “You have to back out of this.”
Kaito: “You're just beating around the bush, Mizuka-san.”
Kaito: “That's not enough to convince me to do anything.”
Kaito: “We're talking about genocide on a worldwide scale.”
Kaito: “If you have some sort of card you can play that'll get me to turn my back on that...”
Kaito: “You need to play it.”
I swallow back my breath.
Whew, I was really forcing myself to play tough just now. Did it work?
Your move, Mizuka-san.
Quite frankly, I wouldn't be surprised if she whipped out a gun and shot me in the forehead right now.
That's how intense her aura feels to me.
Mizuka: “...”
Say something, Mizuka-san.
I can't endure this silence.
Nothing in KB prepared me for this kind of tension!
Kaito: “Mizuka-san... Don't tell me you're from the Committee of 300 or the Tavistock Institute?”
Mizuka: “...?”
Kaito: “...Am I wrong?”
It looks like she didn't understand my question. She looks confused.
She doesn't appear to be acting...
Kaito: “You didn't come here to kill me?”
Mizuka: “Kill you? Me?”
Mizuka: “How stupid are you?”
Kaito: “Then—”
Mizuka: “You might think this is some kind of fun treasure hunt.”
Mizuka: “But you're opening up old wounds, Kai.”
Mizuka: “That's what I've been trying to tell you from the start.”
Our conversation isn't lining up.
Listening to her, it sounds like...
Kaito: “It sounds like you're trying to protect someone.”
Mizuka: “...”
I get the feeling the wounds she's talking about aren't her own.
Kaito: “Who are you protecting?”
Mizuka: “...I'm trying to stop you because I don't want you to know.”
Kaito: “Which means it's someone I know.”
Kaito: “And if it's someone we both know, that narrows down the options quite a bit.”
Mizuka-san clicks her tongue in response.
Mizuka: “Kai... I don't want to talk about this any further. Just listen to what I'm telling you.”
Kaito: “Is that a request? You gotta beat me in a match, then.”
My attempt at challenging her also serves as a means with which to push myself forward.
Don't get scared. If you back down, it's over.
Kaito: “And of course, that'll be in Kill-Ballad.”
Kaito: “Or will you tell me everything you know if I eat one of those revolting passion fruit buns?”
Mizuka: “Knock it off! This isn't some game!”
Kaito: “I could say the same to you...!”
I falter a bit from the immense pressure coming off of Mizuka-san as I frantically respond to her words.
Kaito: “If you tell me everything, I wouldn't mind doing as you say.”
Mizuka: “I said I don't want to tell you, Kai—”
Kaito: “...?!”
Unexpectedly.
Far too suddenly.
A melody begins to play out in the tranquil little park; the sound quality is very low.
Mizuka: “Wh-What is this?”
Kaito: “Kagome Kagome...!”
It's playing from both of our PokeComs.
It's happening again....
This isn't the first time.
An indiscriminate transmission.
Forcibly sent to everyone's PokeComs in a specific area.
And regardless of your ringtone settings, it always plays the Kagome Kagome melody upon arrival.
If you answer the call, you're greeted with a fax-like transmission sound in a strangely high frequency.
The Kimijima Reports warned of this Kagome Kagome melody, but nowhere was it written who was sending it, nor the intentions of the sender.
Is this Mizuka-san's doing?
But she looks just as confused as I am...
She takes out her PokeCom and looks at the monitor like she's seen a ghost.
Mizuka: “Do you know who's calling...?”
I shake my head.
If Mizuka-san doesn't know...
Was it sheer coincidence that it rang at this time?
Kaito: “Sister Centipede!”
I call out to Sister Centipede.
Sister Centipede: “Yes, Yashio-san?”
Kaito: “Can you identify the source of this Kagome Kagome melody?”
Sister Centipede: “Impossible.”
Sister Centipede: “Sister Centipede's functions do not include call interception. I can search for keywords and collect related info.”
Damn it! Useless!
I give up on trying to go through Sister Centipede. Just as I'm thinking of what to do next...
Mizuka: “Who is it?”
Mizuka-san answers the call.
A painful noise comes out of her PokeCom.
Despite standing a ways away, it's loud enough for me to hear it clearly.
Mizuka: “Ugh, what's this noise...?!”
Kaito: “Mizuka-san, hang up!”
It's so unpleasant that I instantly cover my ears with both hands.
She cuts the call, and the sound stops.
Kaito: “...”
Mizuka: “...”
Silence returns to the area.
Feeling relieved, I sit down on a nearby bench and catch my breath.
Kaito: “What was that?”
Ignoring me, Mizuka-san turns away and starts walking slowly but awkwardly.
The park at Cape Kadokura is on top of a cliff.
There's waist height fencing, and beyond that is the cliff.
She's heading toward the fencing.
Don't tell me she's trying to run?
Kaito: “Mizuka-san. We're not finished talking yet.”
Mizuka: “Urgh...”
Mizuka-san doesn't even attempt to answer me.
For some reason, she's hitting her HUG and twisting her waist around, yet she keeps walking toward the fencing.
Kaito: “...Are you listening?”
Mizuka: “What's... going on?”
Mizuka: “What's it doing...?!”
She's acting strange...
Kaito: “Hey, is something wrong?”
Mizuka: “...Haha, Kai, I'm sorry, but could you lend me a hand?”
Mizuka: “The damn thing seems to be acting up...!”
I immediately recognize what she's referring to.
Then I realize.
Mizuka-san's forehead is covered in sweat.
She's smiling, but her face is incredibly strained.
Like she's doing her best to put on a brave face.
She looked so calm and collected before.
Kaito: “What's going on?”
Mizuka: “It won't stop...”
Kaito: “What?”
I don't immediately understand what she's saying.
Kaito: “What are you pulling here?”
Mizuka: “Urgh...”
The fencing doesn't cover the entire cliff.
In fact, there are gaps all over.
If she keeps going, she's going to walk through one of those gaps and take a dive right off the cliff.
...I don't think this is a joke.
Mizuka-san suddenly bends her waist and plants her hands down like she's walking on all fours.
I can hardly believe what I'm seeing.
Despite planting her hands firmly on the ground, her legs keep moving forward.
Mizuka: “Guh... What's going on...?!”
She pitches forward to the point where she could fall over, yet she still doesn't stop moving.
It's like her legs have a mind of their own.
Her legs...
Kaito: “Mizuka-san! Hold on!”
I finally snap to my senses, run over to her, and grab her arms.
Mizuka-san grabs onto my body.
Mizuka: “Kai, don't let go...!”
She's pulling on me with an absurd amount of force.
I try to brace my legs, but I'm still getting dragged along.
Kaito: “No... Has it gone berserk?!”
That's right.
HUGs going berserk... It was a hot topic last year.
Misa-nee and her superiors held media conferences and everything.
People who were wearing rampaging HUGs often looked like they were dancing, leading it to be dubbed the “HUG dance” by people online.
According to a witness testimony:
“It almost looked like the HUG was deliberately rebelling against its master.”
“The person being dragged along looked like a dancing puppet.”
The same thing's happening here...!
Kaito: “Cut the power!”
Mizuka: “I'm trying, but it's not working!”
The HUG has immense strength.
Even the two of us together can't stop it.
Despite its primary role being medical assistance, it's far stronger than any human.
I have my feet firmly planted, yet I still can't stop it from taking step after step toward the cliff.
In that case...
Kaito: “I'll knock them down!”
I judo sweep Mizuka-san's legs near her Achilles tendon and forcibly knock her down.
Kaito: “There we go.”
Mizuka: “Hahh... Hahh...”
Mizuka-san's soaked in sweat.
Her breathing is incredibly heavy. She was likely using all her strength to fight against her rampaging HUG.
Mizuka: “You're a lifesaver, Kai.”
Mizuka: “First, let's get this thing off and—”
Mid-speech, Mizuka-san's body defies gravity and suddenly springs back up.
Kaito: “?!”
Despite being on top of her, the force is enough to send me flying.
Mizuka: “Gah, aaaah...!!!”
There's no way that just happened.
This is impossible.
With only the strength of her legs, she flung me off—despite me weighing over 50 kilograms—and stood back upright.
“Sprung up” is literally the only way to describe what just happened.
Normally when you get up off the ground, you support your body with your hands, but that's not what she did.
Mizuka: “Gahahh... Cough, cough...”
Mizuka-san has gone limp.
Her body is bent backward in the shape of a bow.
She's coughing up blood.
This is bad...
This is really, really bad...!
I hurry to my feet and latch onto Mizuka-san.
Kaito: “Hold on!”
Mizuka: “Gahah... Cough...”
Mizuka-san's eyes are vacant.
I was close to her when she stood up, and I heard what sounded like bones snapping. She may have broken her spine.
Mizuka: “Hahh... Hahh... Gahah... Cough...”
Kaito: “Shit...! What do I do?! Is there no emergency stop on this thing?!”
Mizuka-san's legs continue moving directly for the cliff.
This is unreal. It's like some third-rate horror film from half a century ago.
I can't believe this is actually happening...!
It's like the HUG is trying to kill Mizuka-san!
This thing isn't just on a rampage.
It's out to kill.
I can sense killing intent from this goddamn thing...!
If not, there's no way it could move like this.
It understands the terrain and is intentionally trying to squeeze through a gap so it can drop her off the cliff.
Mizuka: “Hahh... Hahh... Cough...”
Kaito: “Mizuka-san! Don't give up!”
But what can I do?
How can I save her from this?
I lower my body and crouch all the way down to brace my legs, but I just get dragged along like it's nothing.
Kaito: “There must be a way to get this HUG off!”
I try detaching the HUG bands securing it to Mizuka-san's legs.
I just have to get the buckles... off!
But Mizuka-san keeps moving, and I'm too panicked. I can't undo them...!
Kaito: “Aah!”
My left leg suddenly loses its power.
We're already at the edge of the cliff.
My left leg is hanging in midair.
Mizuka-san is barely standing on the edge, with my right foot planted right behind her.
If she takes one more step... we're both gonna fall...!
Mizuka: “Kai... It's okay... Let go...”
Her voice weak, Mizuka-san says something unbelievable.
Kaito: “I-I can't let you go!”
Kaito: “If I do that, you'll die!”
Mizuka: “You... dumbass...!”
She shoves her elbow in my face.
Mizuka: “If you don't let go... you'll fall too...!”
Mizuka: “I can't drag you into this...!”
Kaito: “W-Wait, I know! I'll call Misa-nee!”
Mizuka: “Cough... This must be... my punishment...”
Kaito: “What the hell are you talking about?!”
Mizuka: “In the end... All I could do was look away... and pretend like nothing was wrong...”
Mizuka: “I don't know... if that was the right thing to do... even now...”
She elbows me hard in the jaw.
The impact makes my vision go white for a moment as all the strength leaves my body.
Staggered, I'm given a firm thrust to the chest.
Kaito: “Mizuka...san...!”
As I fall onto my back...
I still try to reach out for her...
But...
Mizuka: “Hey, Kai...”
Mizuka: “Sometimes... ignorance is bliss...”
My hand doesn't reach her...
Mizuka: “So, I'll be taking what I saw... to the grave...”
Mizuka: “I guess this is... one way of proving... my friendship... Haha...”
Mizuka-san... is smiling...
The edges of her mouth are stained red with blood.
And with the cliff directly in front of her...
She turns her head to look back at me.
Despite the intense pain she's going through, she manages to force herself to smile.
Mizuka: “If you happen to see Misa...”
Mizuka: “Tell her... thank you... for the HUG...”
It makes no sense... This is too much... 
Mizuka: “It's thanks to this... that I...”
As Mizuka-san smiles, one leg is already taking a step forward, off the cliff.
Mizuka: “That I was able to... live a pretty normal life... for these last two years... since the accident...”
Despite not wanting to die, she takes a step forward toward her death.
Mizuka: “That's... why...”
She steps into the empty air.
Mizuka: “Tell her thanks for me...”
And then.
Mizuka-san's body.
Disappears from my line of sight.
Kaito: “Ah... Aaah...”
Kaito: “This can't... be real...”
Kaito: “I don't... Why...?”
Kaito: “Why, Mizuka-san...?”
Kaito: “Mizuka-san!”
I call out to her, but there's no reply.
Panicked, I crawl out to the edge of the cliff and look down.
I'm met with the image of Mizuka-san lying face down on the rocks below.
She's dead... Mizuka-san is dead...
Despite the despair overwhelming me...
I whip out my PokeCom and call for an ambulance.
Sister Centipede: “Download of Kimijima Report No. 7 is complete.”
Kaito: “...”
How can she act like nothing just happened?!
I pray as I call for an ambulance.
Quick... Please... come quick...
Please, someone, save Mizuka-san...!
My heart feels like it's being squeezed tightly.
Like someone's crushing it with their bare hands.
Like I'm about to have an attack.
It goes without saying why.
I bite my lip.
And wait for the call to connect.
Just hold on, Kaito. Hold it off just a little bit longer...
