Despite having to pull out from the TNSC, our tests immediately picked up again with the Expo rapidly approaching.
According to Subaru and Frau, there are issues popping up all over due to the hurried construction.
We're running these tests to take care of them, one by one.
That's how we go about adjusting Model-2's settings, repeating things over and over again.
Until the transport truck prepared for us by JAXA arrives, we have no choice but to awkwardly continue our tests here.
Though to be perfectly honest, I'm more interested in the VAB that's basically right next to us. It's practically killing me.
The launch date is scheduled for late February. Compared to the schedule for the H-ⅡA Rockets, it's crazy fast.
Oh, and that reminds me. I saw some people from the mass media earlier this morning.
Apparently the reopening of TNSC has become quite the conversation piece in Tokyo.
Akiho: “Kaiii! The power supply just cut off! You're spacing out!”
Akiho: “Stay focused!”
Oh, crap.
I shift gears and regrip the handle of the laser gun.
I then fix the iron sights onto the parabolic antenna.
When the targeting aligns, the gun automatically fires its high output laser.
We're currently doing a walking test with Junna as the pilot.
The sight of a giant robot lumbering around is imposing, even more so since we're indoors.
That said, the walk cycle is a little bit stiff.
Its actual steps and overall movement are fairly smooth.
It's just that after taking two steps, it'll occasionally stop for a few seconds.
It takes a step, then it goes to move the other leg.
That's when it'll sometimes stop for around 3-4 seconds. It's extremely frustrating to watch.
Why is this happening, you ask? Junna is failing at consecutive inputs.
To make Model-2 advance, you just have to input the “Advance” command. However, that'll only move it two steps.
To make it continue walking, as soon as the previous action completes, another “Advance” command has to be input.
Repeating this at length will result in uninterrupted walking.
But Junna's timing is incredibly off.
Junna: “Um... um...”
Frau: “H-Hey, Karate-senpai, you're missing too many inputs.”
The command for advancing consists of three well-timed consecutive button presses.
As for why such a basic action requires a complex input, apparently it's for safety purposes.
We're dealing with an eight meter tall giant robot. Even taking a single step is incredibly dangerous.
Imagine what would happen if someone was standing at its feet, and it started advancing due to an accidental input?
To prevent that, all of Model-2's actions are set to require at least three button presses.
Problem is, this means that even the most basic process of making Model-2 walk requires a three button input.
Kill-Ballad has me used to stuff like this, but Junna's no gamer. This might be a bit too much for her.
Speaking of which, she doesn't look the least bit relaxed as she controls Model-2.
Her gaze keeps fidgetting back and forth between the PokeCom control screen and the robot itself.
She's such a mess that just watching her is irritating me.
Kaito: “Jun-chan, you really shouldn't look at the robot so much.”
Junna: “Huh? But...”
Kaito: “Always try to keep your eyes on the game screen.”
Junna: “But, um, if I do that, I won't be able to see Model 2-chan's surroundings...”
It makes sense that your field of view in an FPS is narrow.
I'm used to KB, so this feels perfectly normal.
Kaito: “Then how about not looking at the screen at all?”
Kaito: “Hold it like you would if you were controlling the Honorary Prez.”
It might actually be a bad thing for the omnidirectional camera to feed into the PokeCom screen.
Kaito: “If you're so indecisive with where to look, you're not gonna be able to react in time should an unexpected situation suddenly pop up.”
Though unlike KB, it's not like we're fighting someone. I doubt anything unexpected's gonna happen.
Junna: “O-Okay, I got it... I appreciate the advice.”
I have my way of doing things, and Junna has hers.
Rather than pushing mine onto her, it's important for Junna to find what works best for her.
The robot starts walking again.
In terms of size, the facility is maybe 50 meters in length. Walking for 15 or 16 steps brings Model-2 to a wall.
The operator must then input the 90 degree turn command twice—for 180 degrees total—and head back.
On the return trip, the parabolic antenna is out of sight of the laser gun, so I get to take a break.
Nae: “All things considered, this is pretty lame, huh?”
Nae-san comes up beside me and smiles wryly as she whispers.
Kaito: “It is. Even I think so.”
Kaito: “Advance. Do a 180 degree turn after reaching a wall. Do that for 20 sets.”
Kaito: “Next, crab-walk across the building and back. Another 20 sets.”
Kaito: “Jun-chan and I take turns operating for both.”
Kaito: “Advancing, turning, and crab-walking. We're practicing the basic commands by repeating them over and over again.”
Nae: “Who came up with the training course? Subaru-kun? Akiho-chan?”
Kaito: “Yours truly.”
Nae: “Hohoh, how unexpected.”
Nae-san looks me in the eyes with a mischievous smile on her face.
Nae: “I didn't think you'd enjoy doing something so lame.”
Kaito: “I'm wounded. You completely misunderstand me.”
Kaito: “I don't think there's anyone in the world who likes practice via repetition as much as I do.”
Kaito: “As the second best KB player in the world, I'm constantly putting in effort into labbing every single day.”
Even now, I'll practice the same KB combo over and over before going to bed.
If I didn't do that, my skills would falter, and I'd be surpassed in the rankings by other players just like that.
Nae: “Ahahah, well, you have my apologies.”
Nae: “This training course does make sense, though.”
This isn't just to train me and Junna, this is so we can adjust the settings as well.
Frau is constantly gathering telemetry data. She accounts for our habits as operators, and then makes minute adjustments.
We're getting a feel for the controls.
Both Junna and I each have our own unique quirks when it comes to operating Model-2.
Command input reception timing.
The lag between input and output.
Frau said the UI can be optimized for things like that.
Additionally, by providing the auto balancer with experience, the data will allow its precision to increase dramatically.
Akiho: “Like you guys said, this is totally lame.”
Akiho joins the conversation.
Akiho: “If this was an anime, it'd absolutely get canceled because of low ratings.”
Akiho: “Who wants to watch a giant, armor-less robot lumber around for forever?”
Akiho: “You could at least mix in Gunvarrel's pose or something!”
Akiho: “Oh, and I want to come up with some new moves, too.”
Kaito: “We already decided on doing that after we withdraw from here and move back to the hangar.”
Kaito: “Right now, the most important thing is for Jun-chan and I to get used to the controls.”
Kaito: “Though if you tell me that's not necessary, I wouldn't mind skipping out on practice.”
Akiho: “Sorry...”
Akiho: “It's just that I'm the only one with nothing to do!”
Akiho: “Subaru said that as president, I should be supervising everything, but...”
I like how he's telling the president what she should be doing.
Maybe he's the one actually pulling the strings.
Speaking of which, Subaru isn't here for today's tests.
Not only does he have his dad to deal with, he still has classes to attend, unlike us third years.
Please pay no mind to our other second year, Frau, who is currently skipping school entirely.
Akiho: “Well, if you put it the other way, that means I don't have any actual work, right?”
Akiho: “It was exciting watching it move at first, but I'm booored.”
Nae: “Hmm, hmm! Are you losing focus? That's no good!”
Nae: “You're the person in charge, after all.”
Nae: “Your job is to keep a watchful eye on everything and make sure no problems pop up.”
Nae: “That holds true for when you go to the Expo, too.”
Akiho: “You're right, but...”
Akiho: “I just think I'm better suited for grunt work is all.”
Kaito: “You did plenty of that all the way up to Model-2's completion. You can afford to take a little break.”
Akiho: “You're not listening! I want to get more and more hyped up!”
Nae: “Ahahah. You're like a tuna.”
Akiho: “Excuse me...?”
Nae: “They die if they don't keep swimming.”
Akiho: “Oh, yeah! Yeah, that's totally me.”
Kaito: “I'd be willing to swap places.”
I point to the laser gun with my eyes.
Kaito: “I'm gonna go take a look at the rocket transports again.”
Akiho: “Not happening!”
Akiho: “You need to make up for all the time you spent skipping out.”
Kaito: “Is that so?”
I mostly just don't want to be stuck here doing tests every single day.
I don't actually plan on going to watch the rocket transports.
The real reason I want to get away is because we've broke into 2020 and I still haven't found the last Kimijima Report.
The reason I skipped yesterday and made excuses is because I'm looking for that last report.
After about 30 minutes of watching the transports, I spent the rest of the time searching the island.
I've been doing this since the end of last year.
With no classes, I've been searching at night as well. All of my attempts have been in vain, and on top of that, my own mother thinks I'm a delinquent now.
I didn't think it'd be this hard to find...
Fortunately, Sister Centipede is still operational and has been providing tips as to where the last report might be.
But this time, even Sister Centipede seems to be throwing in the towel.
I'm getting more and more impatient.
The Kimijima Reports predicted a large solar storm in 2020.
It may only be January, but that doesn't change the fact that it's 2020.
It's completely possible that today or tomorrow, a solar storm of the same scale as last year's, or even bigger, will hit Earth.
But while I'm feeling increasingly impatient, I'm also feeling hesitant about finding the last report.
Unlike the previous ones, Kimijima Report No. 7 isn't a detailed description of the future.
Activating it will distribute the Kimijima Reports around the world. It's like a key that'll unlock the truth for the public.
As far as I'm concerned, everything contained in these reports is completely true. There's no doubt in my mind.
But even then, there's still a 0.1% chance that they end up being nothing but lies.
Dispersing the Kimijima Reports around the world could cause unnecessary chaos, which has me feeling a tad hesitant.
This isn't the sort of thing that a rural high school kid should be responsible for.
Man... what have I gotten myself into?
Yet here I am, still searching.
I've already come this far. There's no turning back now.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai. Your aim's off again.”
Kaito: “Whoops.”
The robot has already finished making its turn.
I can see the parabolic antenna from my position.
I hurriedly align the iron sights with it.
While Model-2 is equipped with batteries, they're rather small. They have a three minute operational limit.
That's why it's ideal to keep the laser aimed on Model-2 as it moves.
...And the robot suddenly stops moving again.
Frau: “You're making more mistakes than before, btw.”
Junna: “Uugh, if I don't look at the screen, I can't press the buttons properly...”
Junna complains, but she still keeps following my advice, refusing to take her eyes off Model-2.
Junna: “I'm sorry that I can't make you move right, Model 2-chan...”
Kaito: “You'll get the hang of it soon.”
Akiho: “Jun, put a blast of spirit into it!”
Nae: “It's okay, keep trying♪”
Junna: “O-Osu!”
Mistakes be damned, she's nothing like the girl who used to be scared of robots only half a year ago.
Kaito: “Hey, Jun-chan. Does Model-2 scare you?”
Junna: “Huh?”
Junna's hands stop moving as I talk to her.
Looks like she can't talk and operate it at the same time.
Junna: “Nope, um, not at all.”
Junna: “When I'm operating it, it moves just like I want it to.”
Junna: “It even moves just like me.”
Junna: “In some ways, it sorta... um, feels like another me.”
Kaito: “Wild.”
Junna: “Um... is that weird?”
Akiho: “Not at all♪”
Akiho happily wraps her arms around Junna.
Junna: “W-Wah! Aaah!”
Akiho: “Aaah, I'm so proud! I'm super duper ultra happy that you like robots now, Jun!”
Akiho: “My brainwashing worked! Hehe.”
Poor Junna probably has no idea how to react to your bragging.
Well, I guess I can't deny that Akiho's pushiness might've had a tiny bit of an effect on her.
