Mizuka-san's funeral goes by about as solemnly as one might expect.
Akiho and I are the only ones from the Robotics Club who showed up.
After everything that happened, in the end...
The doctors did everything they could to save her, but it was too late.
Mitchie spent the entire service staring at a photo of Mizuka-san.
He wasn't crying, nor did he appear to be in pain.
All he did was vacantly stare.
After the funeral, Mitchie said he wanted to talk with us for a bit.
While he wore a tough face, we were certain he was hurting on the inside, so we decided to go with him.
Along the way, he stopped to buy an extremely expensive bottle of awamori from the liquor store.
It was only a month ago that I was surfing on this very beach.
Man, Mizuka-san was a total spartan back when she was coaching me...
Mitchie stands on the beach and gazes out at the waves breaking and receding on the shore for a while.
His expression is the same one he wore while staring at Mizuka-san's photo during the service.
Mitsuhiko: “Back when I was your age, I'd often come here to watch Irei surf.”
Mitsuhiko: “I'd ditch the Robotics Club just like you, Yashio.”
Kaito: “I bet you were an even worse president than Aki-chan.”
Mitsuhiko: “So I was often told. By Irei, too.”
Akiho: “Mitchie... Did you have feelings for Mizuka-nee?”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “Dunno.”
Mitsuhiko: “I never tried asking her out. When it comes down to it, it might not have been a romantic thing at all.”
Mitsuhiko: “She was a pretty scary woman, after all.”
Kaito: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “We got a letter of condolences from Senomiya.”
Mitsuhiko: “Oh, I mean from the big one.”
Akiho: “...Mhm.”
Mitsuhiko: “Irei's parents said they had mixed feelings about it.”
Mitsuhiko: “Her parents knew that Senomiya was Irei's best friend.”
Mitsuhiko: “But Senomiya was also the one who sent that HUG as a present.”
Mitsuhiko: “I'm sure this is all pretty unbearable for both them and Senomiya...”
Then, Mitchie looks at me.
Mitsuhiko: “Hey, did Irei say anything at the end?”
Mitsuhiko: “If she did, could you tell me?”
Mitsuhiko: “I want to know.”
Should I?
Should I tell him that she was hiding something?
That she was trying to stop me from collecting the Kimijima Reports?
... I can't tell him that.
Kaito: “She wanted me to tell Misa-nee thanks.”
Kaito: “That she was grateful for the HUG. She didn't blame her at all.”
Kaito: “That's what she said to me.”
Mitsuhiko: “I see...”
Akiho: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “Between the three of us, she was the one who always acted the oldest.”
Mitsuhiko: “She was so uptight. She'd scold Senomiya and me for every little thing we did.”
Mitsuhiko: “I'd always try and push back.”
Mitsuhiko: “But in the end, she'd break out the fists. She was super violent, you know? It didn't take much for me to give in.”
Mitsuhiko: “Senomiya handled her better. In fact, she seemed kinda happy when Irei got mad at her. Maybe she's some kind of pervert.”
Akiho: “Big Sis isn't a pervert... Sniff...”
Mitsuhiko: “Haha, I know. I'm just joking.”
Mitsuhiko: “But at the time, Senomiya was known to be something of a prodigy. Not even the teachers would scold her.”
Mitsuhiko: “That's one of the reasons Irei stood out to me so much.”
Mitsuhiko: “...It's already been nearly seven years since we graduated high school.”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Mitchie suddenly removes the cork on the bottle of awamori.
Mitsuhiko: “Irei was a ridiculously heavy drinker. That's a pro tip...”
I thought he was going to start chugging down the bottle himself.
But instead, he walks up to the edge of the water and starts pouring the bottle into the sea.
Mitsuhiko: “Cheers.”
This is his way of offering his condolences.
When I think about Mizuka-san...
My chest still throbs with pain.
She was right in front of my eyes... but I couldn't save her... What am I supposed to do anymore?
There's also the thing she said at the end. What was she hiding that we'd be better off not knowing?
I have no idea if it's wise to dig it up anymore.
