We accompanied Junna back to her house.
Afterward, Akiho and I headed home, the sky already stained with the color of the sunset.
Akiho: “Alright, Kai. See you tomorrow.”
Akiho smiles weakly and waves at me before heading into her house.
Kaito: “Aki-chan.”
She stops and turns around, tilting her head in confusion.
Akiho: “Hm? What's up?”
Kaito: “Aki-chan... Are you okay?”
Akiho: “...Yeah.”
Akiho: “It's a lot harder on you than it is on me.”
Akiho: “Try and get some rest, okay?”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “What are you going to do going forward?”
The Robotics Club is gone. We've lost our funding from JAXA and Space Candy.
After working so hard on Model-2, it's gonna be disassembled. Same for the currently sealed away failure, Model-1.
Subaru is injured, and with Junna in her current state, neither of them will be recovering any time soon.
All the effort we put in toward next month's Expo was for naught.
But I know for a fact that Akiho would do anything for her dream.
Akiho: “...I don't know.”
I bite my lip hard in response to Akiho's answer.
I want to say something.
But no matter what I say, I'd just be forcing my own thoughts on her.
This is something that Akiho needs to decide for herself.
Kaito: “Alright, Aki-chan. I'll see you tomorrow.”
Akiho: “...Yeah. See you.”
Akiho stares right at me.
I pull away from her gaze.
And start up my scooter.
Unable to bring myself to go home, I end up here.
The VAB is visible in the distance. At this hour, it's lit up.
I haven't seen those lights in a long time.
They're currently assembling a rocket for the first time in years.
That should have me excited.
It should, but I don't feel that way at all right now. In fact, I'm feeling pretty depressed.
I didn't come here with any particular goal in mind.
I don't even have the energy to play Kill-Ballad.
As I gaze absentmindedly at the TNSC, my PokeCom begins to ring.
It's Frau.
We haven't really spoken at all since the incident, now that I think of it.
Kaito: “Answer call.”
Frau: “Heyo.”
Kaito: “Is everything alright, Kona-chan?”
Frau: “I'm adjusting the auto balancer.”
Kaito: “You're still working on Model-2?”
That's unexpected.
Out of all the Robotics Club members, she had the least enthusiasm for the project. Well, other than me.
Frau: “S-Slender Gunvarrel fell over because my program wasn't good enough.”
Frau: “S-So, I'm using data from the last few days as feedback and improving the auto balancer.”
Kaito: “...There's no point.”
Kaito: “The Robotics Club is gone. The robot's going to be disassembled.”
Kaito: “You don't need to keep working on it anymore.”
Frau: “Oof... I-I wish you would've told me that sooner...”
She's right, but I've been too busy to think about that.
Frau: “P-P-Putting that aside.”
Frau: “I-I have something important to tell you.”
Kaito: “What's up?”
Frau: “I-Is anyone else around? No hidden listening devices?”
Kaito: “I'm on the viewing platform at the park.”
Frau: “Th-Then it should be fine.”
Frau: “Slender Gunvarrel's accident was just an a-accident, but...”
Frau: “Irei-shi's accident is more concerning.”
Frau: “Do you think her HUG going out of control was just a c-coincidence?”
Kaito: “...”
I had the same thought.
Frau: “Could it have been a warning from the C-Committee of 300 or the Tavistock Institute?”
Frau: “Th-The rampaging HUG accidents surrounding ExCo have been the center of all kinds of rumors online.”
Frau: “V-Very prominent people have been involved, with abnormally high death rates.”
Frau: “Important people at major companies, b-big shots in finance, even politicians.”
Frau: “S-So, some people are thinking it's an international conspiracy made to look like accidents.”
Frau: “I-If that's true... Someone could have pulled the strings for Irei-shi's accident—”
Kaito: “Don't say another word!”
Frau: “...!”
Kaito: “...”
I take a deep breath in an attempt to calm myself down.
Kaito: “...I'm sorry. A friend just passed away, so talking about this kinda stuff makes me feel pretty awful.”
Kaito: “But you're right. I thought the same thing.”
Kaito: “It all started right when I was talking to Mizuka-san about the Kimijima Reports.”
Frau: “W-W8, 4 real?”
I give Frau a simple rundown of what transpired that day.
Mizuka-san was opposed to me collecting the reports.
She told me I needed to stop.
She said I'd learn something I didn't need to know.
What was Mizuka-san trying to hide?
I still don't know for sure.
I could probably put things together if I really tried, but...
But at the end of the day, it's nothing but a guess. I don't know the truth.
Frau: “Th-That timing is beyond suspicious.”
Frau: “Th-This is no joke.”
Frau: “You said the last Kimijima Report, the s-seventh one, was the key to releasing the files worldwide, right?”
Frau: “Have you pulled the trigger?”
Kaito: “Not yet.”
On the day that Mizuka-san died...
Kimijima Report No. 7 was downloaded into my PokeCom.
I haven't touched it since.
Frau: “Hurry up and do it! Don't blame me for what happens otherwise.”
Kaito: “But aren't you concerned about whether that's the right move or not?”
The last few days have been a blur to me, what with Subaru's accident and Mizuka-san...
I still haven't come up with an answer about what to do with the Kimijima Reports.
Kaito: “I'm even more confused because of what happened to Mizuka-san.”
Kaito: “She warned me not to search for the reports. It seemed like she wanted to hide something. She then said it's better not to know.”
Kaito: “But that just makes her sound like she was on the side of the Committee of 300.”
Kaito: “In that case, why did Mizuka-san have to die? Shouldn't I have been the one to die?”
I'd prefer not to think about it, but if Mizuka-san was one of them, they could've just killed me.
If that accident was part of their plan, I see no reason why Mizuka-san would have to die.
Frau: “R-Regardless, Yashio-senpai, you're in a really bad position right now...”
Kaito: “Me?”
Frau: “Y-You're probably the only p-person in the world who knows everything written in the Kimijima Reports.”
Frau: “And you even h-have the means to spread them worldwide.”
Frau: “I wouldn't be surprised if a sniper was lining up a headshot on you right now.”
Frau: “Y-You should dump it all and go into hiding right away. That's just common sense.”
Frau: “This isn't me being chuunibyou. This is me being 100% honest.”
Frau: “Assassins could be anywhere.”
Frau: “Kimijima Kou died.”
Frau: “Along with most of Gunvarrel's staff.”
Frau: “Even Mama is probably...”
Frau: “...Yashio-senpai, I don't want you to die.”
In a rare display for Frau, she stares straight at me through the screen, pleading with me. She usually can't make eye contact.
Frau: “M-Maybe you should go into hiding somewhere to escape from the Committee of 300.”
Kaito: “...”
Frau: “Senpai...?”
Kaito: “I can't do that.”
Frau: “B-But you said the Robotics Club is gone...”
Kaito: “It is.”
Frau: “Then what are you trying to say...?”
I still haven't heard from Akiho about what she plans on doing.
That's why I can't give my final answer just yet.
Kaito: “By the way, are you planning on going back to Tokyo?”
Frau: “Wh-Why do you ask?”
Frau: “D-Don't tell me you want us to live together? What kinda eroge is this?!”
Kaito: “Not quite. But if you have a place in Tokyo, we could stay there during the Expo.”
Frau: “What... did you say?”
Frau: “You still plan on entering the Expo? I don't get what you're saying.”
Kaito: “It's just a possibility.”
Frau: “Enough is enough.”
Frau: “Y-You have more pressing issues to deal with right now.”
Frau: “Are you really okay with dying?”
Kaito: “...Of course I'm not, but...”
She's right. Considering everything that's happened, there'd be nothing strange about me getting iced.
With that in mind, I can't afford to be questioning myself like this.
Kaito: “Thanks for the warning, Kona-chan. I'll talk to you later.”
Frau: “Hey, wai—”
After hanging up, I start up ‘IRUO.’
Sister Centipede is quietly standing a short distance away.
She's like a stalker.
But that's not her fault.
Sister Centipede is currently tied to my PokeCom, after all.
Kaito: “Heya, Sister Centipede. About the Kimijima Reports...”
Sister Centipede: “Yes. What about them?”
Kaito: “...I've decided to release them.”
Sister Centipede nods her head ever so slightly.
Sister Centipede: “To release the Kimijima Reports worldwide, please activate Kimijima Report No. 7.”
Sister Centipede: “This will auto transfer the files to all ‘IRUO.’ servers, creating AR annotations in random locations across the world.”
Sister Centipede: “However, it's expected that this will cause an explosive distribution of the information contained within them.”
Sister Centipede: “This is your final chance to reconsider.”
Kaito: “...”
If I don't do this now, and I end up getting killed by an assassin...
And because of that, billions of people die...
I'd deserve far worse than a peaceful death.
Kimijima Kou would've died in vain if I failed after he trusted me with this responsibility.
Mizuka-san tried to stop me.
But I have to do this.
On the night that Mizuka-san died, I laid in bed, terrified we'd get hit by a solar storm.
This responsibility is too much for me to bear alone.
Which is why I'm going to shed this burden.
I'm gonna let the entire world make the rest of the decisions.
Kaito: “...Ready?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes.”
I tap away at my PokeCom.
And activate Kimijima Report No. 7.
To the citizens of Earth.
Please heed this warning.
And brace for the coming conspiracy.
This is too much for me alone.
Which is why I entrust this information to all of you.
Kaito: “If possible, I'd really like to keep my identity a secret...”
After letting out a small prayer, I close ‘IRUO.’
