Which one do you prefer? The white one or the red one?
After some intense deliberation, I chose the red one.
It was the first plastic model that my dad ever bought for me.
The red one.
Zakku's red Master-Grade Model.
Of course, Big Sis chose the original Gunbam.
I was only five or six back then.
Dad was going to buy one robot model each for Big Sis and I.
But unlike my sister, I knew next to nothing about all the different kinds of robots back then.
When Dad asked me if I wanted the white one or the red one, I said the red one on a whim.
And so Big Sis ended up with the white one, letting out a triumphant cry of “Nicely done, Aki!”
The white one is the hero's mech, and it's more popular and taller and looks cooler, but I didn't find that out until later.
To me, they were both cool. I was just happy that Dad bought them for us at all.
It's almost certainly Dad's fault that I ended up turning into the kindergartner that I was.
When we got home, Dad built the plastic models for us.
He figured that Mom would definitely complain if he bought them for himself, so he used his kids as an excuse.
He looked thrilled as he put together Big Sis's Gunbam and my Zakku.
A few months later and us sisters had become hooked on playing with plastic models. We were obsessed with them, even though they weren't exactly girly.
Every time we played together, it would always end the exact same way since Big Sis would enforce her own made-up rules.
Akiho: “Vroooom! Pssshh! The red one is super fast!!!”
Misaki: “I'm the best Gunbam pilot there is! I'm the best of the best!”
Akiho: “Beaaam!”
Misaki: “Bzzzt. I told you that you can't use your beam, Aki.”
Misaki: “Only Gunbam can use a beam. Peewww! Haha, headshot!”
Akiho: “Whaaa? No fair!”
Misaki: “It totally is. You can move three times faster than I can!”
Akiho: “I wanna win sometimes too...”
Misaki: “Nope! Listen, Aki. Justice always prevails. That's just fate. Never forget that.”
Akiho: “Justice always prevails... That's so cool...”
Akiho: “Okay, Big Sis! I'll never ever ever forget it!”
The way Big Sis stood before me, white Gunbam in hand, shining bright with triumphant light, was so incredibly cool.
This is how I learned about the rules of victory...
And the tragic beauty that was ‘that person’'s—the pilot of the red machine's—fall.
I'd argue that those play sessions ultimately defined who I am today.
It's where me, Big Sis, and the Robotics Club began.
So... Hey, Big Sis?
Akiho: “...You better wait for me. I'm right on your tail.”
I open the curtains vigorously.
The gentle sunlight of early spring pours into my room.
I look upon the many plastic models and figures that decorate my room one-by-one.
The very first Zakku and Gunbam that Dad bought for us that day are still safely stored here.
Those small plastic models are where our journey began.
And now, at long last, we've finally achieved our dreams with our eight-meter high giant robot.
All right. Let's get going.
For today... today is GunBuild-2's first test run!
