Even I'm getting amped up somehow.
As per the usual, Harunaka-san operates the ceiling crane and pulls Model-2 to the center of the room.
I'm on support duty for Junna, who is currently in charge of the laser gun.
Junna holds the grip at the end of the gun and presses the irradiation button.
At that point, the device still does nothing.
Looks like the safety mechanism is working properly.
Right next to us is a power generator about the size of a light motor vehicle running at full capacity.
This outputs a large amount of energy.
The merit of wireless electricity transmission is that this thing doesn't have to be loaded into the robot's body.
Model-2 was built specifically to perform at the Expo, so the generator doesn't need to be able to move around.
And so, while we end up having to use this annoying laser transmission system, the robot also loses a dramatic amount of weight.
In regards to the laser gun...
It has proper iron sights, much like a real gun.
I tell Junna to aim down the sights and point the tip toward the parabolic antenna on Model-2.
Junna moves it as told and aligns the iron sights with the antenna.
A visible red laser beam immediately and silently fires out of the gun.
Junna: “Wow... That's amazing...”
Kaito: “If any of us touched that, our skin'd melt right off...”
I'll definitely be keeping my distance.
The beam hits the dish of the parabolic antenna and gathers in one place through the condensing lens.
Frau: “Th-The battery has begun ch-ch-charging...”
Frau: “It sh-should be able to move.”
Akiho: “Subaru! Let GunBuild-2 down!”
Subaru asks Harunaka-san to operate the crane, and Model-2's dangling feet are slowly lowered to the ground.
Akiho: “All right, I'm turning GunBuild-2 on!”
The most tense part of the test is here.
The only person in our audience is Nae-san.
The JAXA workers who advised us and Mr. Senomiya aren't here for some reason.
We asked Doc to come, but he said he was busy developing some new equipment or something.
Mitchie is asleep in the car parked outside, and Mr. Candy isn't here either.
We didn't advertise this to the public, so nobody's here to watch this go down.
Which means that right now, it's just the five Robotics Club members, Nae-san, and Harunaka-san on the crane. Seven people total.
Akiho looks far more composed than she did during the Model-1 test.
Junna, once terrified of robots, is firmly gripping the laser gun, holding her breath and watching Model-2 attentively.
Even our resident shut-in Frau is present and accounted for.
Despite the tough situation with his dad, Subaru is here nonetheless, albeit in secret.
Four months have passed since summer came and went.
The Robotics Club's finally grown a little.
Subaru, Frau, and Junna.
We freely made use of their strength... er, cooperated with them.
The five of us—although I didn't really do anything—built this new giant robot and are trying to breathe life into it.
Akiho shoves her hand into her skirt pocket and reverently pulls out a switch that fits in the palm of her hand.
On the black rectangular box is a round red button. Nice and simple.
Is that the activation switch for Model-2? We could've used cloud computing to manage the drive system.
Not only would we have been able to control Model-2 from a PokeCom, we'd be able to turn the power on and off as well.
However, after the incident in Tokyo with Roboratory Industry, Frau wanted to avoid that.
That's the reason why the power switch is this clunky, unimpressive button.
I have next to no idea how it works, though.
But in terms of creating a sense of mystique, it might actually be just right.
Akiho: “Nae-san, please make the final call.”
Nae: “Okay! The activation test is a GO!”
Nae-san seems really into this.
After hearing her response, Akiho looks at me and nods firmly.
Akiho: “GunBuild Project, Prototype Model-2, power on! Liftoff!”
With her declaration, Akiho forcefully pushes the button in her hand.
All of the motors in Model-2 begin creaking to life as the drive starts up.
It kind of looks like a sleepy old man waking up and slowly standing up to attention.
Although I suppose that's not just limited to old dudes.
The 3D scanners on the robot's shoulders shoot narrow laser beams at the walls and floor.
Kaito: “Can those lasers kill people?”
Akiho: “Nah. They're just infrared lasers.”
Frau: “Slender Gunvarrel has activated.”
Frau: “OS, o-operating at normal capacity.”
Frau: “Laser scanners, loading surrounding map data. S-S-Scan in progress.”
Frau is apparently receiving telemetry data.
She looks at her PokeCom and reads out the information.
Frau: “B-Battery charge at 0.5%. If you stop sending power, Slender Gunvarrel will cease functioning immediately.”
Junna: “Wait, doesn't that mean, um, this job is really important?!”
Frau: “Karate-senpai, m-m-make sure you aim straight.”
Junna: “O-Osu!”
Frau: “H-However, all systems are green for the time being.”
Frau: “C-Current control priority is with Yashio-senpai's PokeCom.”
Akiho: “Woohoo! I'm getting hyped up! Blast of Spirit! Gunvarrel!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, you're getting too excited.”
Subaru: “We're releasing the wires!”
The wires connecting Model-2 to the ceiling crane all detach. The scaffolding is also moved away.
As of right now, Model-2 is completely standing on its own.
Not only that, it shows no signs of falling over, either.
Akiho: “Things are going well! All right, Kai. It's time for the big, momentous first step!”
Model-2's control priority rests with my PokeCom.
Meaning only I can control it.
I start up the Kill-Ballad System app.
I'm asked to register the camera's neutral position.
Frau: “F-First, register the camera's neutral position, pls.”
Frau: “After doing that, the camera direction will sync with the PokeCom's built-in gyro controls.”
I hold my PokeCom up to my face and register that as the neutral position.
On the monitor, I see the inside walls of the building from a position eight meters off the ground.
It's real-time footage from the omnidirectional camera on top of Model-2's head.
Kaito: “Whoa. This feels way more like KB than TanegashiMachine did.”
Frau: “Duhuhu. Of course.”
Akiho: “If you move your PokeCom in any direction, the camera will move along with it.”
I try it out and the scenery on screen moves accordingly. When I tilt it downward, I can see Akiho looking up.
I also spot Junna gripping the laser gun, and both Frau and I fiddling with our PokeComs.
Akiho: “That being said, it doesn't sync with GunBuild-2's face, of course.”
The face is just decorative, after all. Plus, since it's an omnidirectional camera, there's no need to move it.
Even I understand that.
Kaito: “All right, should I take the first step?”
Akiho: “Go ahead! Gunvarrel, launch!”
I quickly input the “advance” command.
It reacts immediately.
Model-2's body shakes as its many motors activate, before it leans slightly to the left.
It lifts its right foot up.
Then, the right leg smoothly takes a step forward.
The joints are in the ankle, knee, and groin. The servomotors in both legs work together perfectly, with the sound of gears turning together erupting forth.
The right foot lands on the ground, and the left side returns to neutral in response. Just like that, its body is perfectly parallel again.
Then, the body leans to the right.
This time, the left foot rises up.
It continues on and moves forward.
It stops moving when both legs are side by side again.
This series of motions is attached to the “Advance” command.
It took a little over 10 seconds for Model-2 to walk two steps.
Kaito: “...”
The whole process was so smooth that it felt like something made by professionals.
I think back on Model-1 six months ago and how much of a struggle it was for it to take a single step.
Akiho: “So? Hey, Kai! Whaddya you think?”
Kaito: “This is awesome...!”
Kaito: “It's nothing like how slow Model-1 was!”
Nae-san's cheeks are flushed in excitement as she claps her hands in fierce applause.
Nae: “That was incredible! I'm deeply moved!”
Nae: “The technical strength on display here is hardly what you'd expect from high schoolers. Every member of the Robotics Club is totally amazing!”
Nae: “I knew I was right about you guys!”
Nae: “Oh, and it's amazing watching it in person, but using ‘IRUO.’ really makes it feel like Gunvarrel is moving.”
Nae: “We get two delicious flavors in one bite!”
I'm not sure how you managed to describe this like it was food, but whatever.
It's completely true that for everyone here in attendance, that first step had a huge effect on them.
Looking up at the crane, Harunaka-san is giving Subaru a powerful handshake. Subaru's grinning wryly in pride.
Subaru's usually calm and collected, but he was the center of Model-2's design.
I'm guessing he must be super happy about this.
Even I never could've predicted our little project would end up like this.
This robot of ours might actually stand a chance at the Expo.
I truly feel that way.
Nae: “Um, there's just one thing...”
Nae-san's expression suddenly darkens.
She opens her mouth slowly, like it's hard to put her words together.
Nae: “I know this is really sudden, but...”
Nae: “By next week, we're going to have to have you all leave the building.”
Akiho: “Huh?!”
Whoa, hey now! This really IS sudden!
Akiho: “What do you mean by that?!”
Nae: “Remember how I said I was in an emergency meeting? I think the Chief will explain it in detail, but...”
Nae: “It's been decided that we're gonna be launching a rocket from Tanegashima again. The first one in five years...”
Akiho: “Whoa...!”
Kaito: “Really?!”
Talk about breaking news!
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't excited.
Maybe even more so than when Model-2 moved just now.
I was convinced that the TNSC would never launch another rocket again.
Nae: “Yeah. And the First Osaki Office is closest to the launch site, you know?”
Nae: “Which means this whole area is off-limits during the launch.”
Nae: “We have security to consider, and so we were told we wouldn't be able to lend you all this space anymore.”
Nae: “I'm so, so sorry!”
Nae-san bows her head deeply.
Frau: “W-We were just about to enter the settings phase. This is the worst possible timing.”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “Frau Bow, Jun! Why the long faces?”
Akiho: “This is amazing news! We get to see a rocket launch on Tanegashima again!”
Akiho: “I'm super hyped!”
Akiho: “I bet Dad must feel the same way right about now. Hehe.”
Akiho's speaking from the heart. She's not just trying to be strong right now.
She's probably right about her dad, too. He stayed on as Chief, believing that this day would come. Akiho knew that.
But Frau's right. The timing couldn't be any worse.
If we had one more month, we wouldn't have to get kicked out.
Kaito: “So, we absolutely have to be out of here within the week?”
Nae: “Yeah...”
Nae: “I tried to negotiate an extension, but they wouldn't even consider it...”
Nae: “I'm still just a newbie, so I have no real sway in things. I'm so sorry.”
Whenever the TNSC has a launch, the rockets usually arrive on the island months before the launch date.
Simultaneously, JAXA and the manufacturers send engineers here to start assembling the rocket in the VAB.
The VAB is right through the gate in front of the First Osaki Office and up the hill.
Considering all of that, it's really sudden to have to push us out within the week.
Nae: “To be perfectly honest, this launch was decided on just after entering the new year.”
Nae: “Things are really hectic right now. Nobody's ever heard of a schedule this crazy.”
Nae: “To be honest, even I'm confused by it all...”
Nae-san seems full of regret, but at the end of the day, the TNSC is a launch site. This is what they do.
We were lent this space for free. We have no right to complain.
And so with that, we have to withdraw.
Fortunately, JAXA will provide vehicles with which to transport Model-2, so we don't need to do much prep work.
But considering we just had a successful Model-2 test run, I can't help but feel like we've hit a major bump in the road.
