I exit the store and can't help but sigh.
Mizuka-san wasn't there.
Her mom was at the register and told me that she went out for the day.
I asked her if there's any way to get in touch with her, but got a “nope” for my troubles.
I guess she's been keeping her PokeCom a secret from her folks, too.
Mizuka-san, what exactly are you trying to do?
Are you just curious about the Kimijima Reports and trying to collect them like me? That'd be the best case scenario...
That reminds me...
Back when I had asked her to coach me at surfing, she said something kinda strange when we finished.
Mizuka: “...Don't get yourself wrapped up in strange things,Kai.”
Mizuka: “Turn back while you still can.”
Mizuka: “Don't be an idiot and try to shoulder everything all onyour own.”
Mizuka: “Otherwise, you'll never be able tocome back from the other side.”
Mizuka-san knew that I was searching for the Kimijima Reports.
Yet she took Report No. 1 without saying a word to me.
Is she hiding something?
—But again, I ask for you to tread carefully.If they learn you are reading this,your life becomes forfeit.
I think back on the warning in Kimijima Report No. 6 and shudder. I can't help but check my surroundings.
It's then that I realize my throat is parched.
I open the Fruit Sour Melon I just bought and gulp it down.
I'm overthinking this. This sort of paranoia is common for hardcore conspiracy theorists.
...I want to believe that, but I can't.
The contents of the Kimijima Reports are no conspiracy.
Considering the events that occurred over the last half a year, I know it's all true.
If I keep telling myself it's just paranoia, I'll trip up trying to escape reality, and there'll be no turning back. I know it.
But either way, I want to know where Mizuka-san is.
Not knowing is making me feel extremely uncomfortable. Irritated, even.
I should probably give up on going to club today.
I doubt it's going to happen, but there's still a chance I could be attacked by someone.
Which means I should search for Report No. 7 on my own.
If I run around the island, I might bump into Mizuka-san as well.
I have no clue where the last report is.
I'm just gonna have to wander about and hope I get lucky.
It can't be denied that the AR annotation is located somewhere on the island.
I guess I'll use deluoode map to pick out potential spots.
