That night.
After going home and eating dinner, I head out to resume my search for the last Kimijima Report.
While I was wandering around, Sister Centipede hit me with some unexpected intel, resulting in me dropping by Uchugaoka Park.
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “It really isn't here...”
The second floor of the old community center. I exit the building and click my tongue.
What was the info that Sister Centipede gave me?
She told me that the AR annotation for Kimijima Report No. 1 had vanished.
Back when I accidentally downloaded Report No. 1 to my PokeCom, I made sure to return the original data back to the old community center.
After that, whenever I swung by the park, I'd check to make sure the AR annotation was still there.
It remained in place even after the ‘IRUO.’ maintenance last month.
But now it's gone.
Kaito: “You can't download Kimijima Report No. 1 without entering the password, right?”
Sister Centipede: “That's correct.”
Sister Centipede answers in her usual mechanical tone.
On Christmas Eve, Airi and Sister Centipede found themselves on the verge of being erased during ‘IRUO.’ maintenance.
Yet here she is... or at the very least, here Sister Centipede is, memories still intact.
Unfortunately, Airi hasn't appeared a single time since then.
Kaito: “I assume you know who downloaded it?”
Sister Centipede: “Correct. The current holder of the Report No. 1 original data is...”
Sister Centipede: “Irei-san.”
Kaito: “...!”
Irei-san... Irei Mizuka?
Kaito: “Hold on. Mizuka-san doesn't own a PokeCom.”
Kaito: “So, how would she be able to see the annotation and enter the password?”
Sister Centipede: “If nothing else, when Irei-san input the password, she possessed a PokeCom.”
Kaito: “Did she borrow one from Mitchie like last time...?”
I attempt to call him, but after he answers in a drunken stupor, I immediately hang up.
Looks like that's not the case.
Kaito: “It's possible she borrowed one from family, bought one, or she actually did own one and never told anyone...”
Kaito: “There are quite a few ways she could've...”
Kaito: “Who told Mizuka-san that the password is HiddenHand?”
Back when I asked her about the reports a while ago, I know I didn't leak the password... Or at least I don't think I did...
Sister Centipede: “Unknown. There's no record of Sister Centipede ever offering such information to Irei-san.”
Sister Centipede: “As for , that is unknown. Irei-san has known  for over 10 years, so it's possible she told her.”
Kaito: “So, it was her...”
Sister Centipede: “However...”
Sister Centipede: “Irei-san has attempted to enter the password for Kimijima Report No. 1 multiple times.”
Sister Centipede: “A total of 36 times, to be exact.”
Kaito: “Wait, she failed 35 times?”
Sister Centipede: “Yes. Considering that fact, it would be appropriate to assume that she figured it out on her own.”
When I first asked Mizuka-san about Airi, she already knew about the Kimijima Reports. She also didn't seem too fond of Airi.
And when I was attempting surf last month, Mizuka-san never once spoke to Airi... I think.
Yet they both said that they met each other in the past. How are they connected?
That's when I realize.
Misa-nee. Her face appeared in the back of my mind, leaving me stunned.
Yeah, Misa-nee and Mizuka-san are best friends.
Akiho and I can barely get in touch with Misa-nee, but she still goes out of her way to talk to Mizuka-san.
But who cares? Why am I associating Misa-nee with any of this?
Am I actually suspicious of her?
Kaito: “No, no. No way. What's there to be suspicious of...?”
A few possibilities come to mind, but they're all so unrealistic that I can't help but laugh.
Kaito: “Either way, I'm going to have to have a chat with Mizuka-san...”
It's already past 10:00 at night, so the store is closed. There's likely no point in calling, either.
I don't know any other way to contact Mizuka-san, so I have no choice but to see her tomorrow directly.
I just hope she's there...
