The sky is a pale blue.
While gazing up at said sky, I hum the Gunvarrel theme song to myself. It's the season one theme, my favorite.
It's also the ending theme, so its melody has a bit of a somber feeling to it.
I think it fits our current situation perfectly.
After the last few days of testing, we're finally transporting GunBuild-2 to the old airport in Nakatane.
GunBuild-2's been loaded atop a large truck. I stretch my arms out as it shakes and jolts.
I feel like I'm an old lady leisurely driving a tractor after finishing the day's farm work.
Car after car pass by us from behind.
I remain seated in the truck bed and gaze far out at the ever-changing scenery that slowly drifts by.
There are sugarcane fields stretching for miles and miles. It's almost time for harvest, so they're way taller than me.
I like listening to them rustle as they sway in the wind.
This kind of tranquil scenery really doesn't match the visual of the giant GunBuild-2 sitting in the truck bed.
Just yesterday, the trucks that Nae-san got for us arrived at the TNSC.
Which basically meant it was time for us to haul our butts out of the First Osaki Office.
We split the upper and lower body of GunBuild-2 yesterday, then loaded them onto two trucks first thing this morning.
Us third years basically have no classes, so Jun and I were both there for it. Kai's on standby at the old airport.
I can't say I'm happy about all this. It feels like we're being forced to retreat after a brutal defeat in battle.
It's not like we represent the island or anything, and we're not in any place to complain, either.
But I guess it feels like nobody really needs us at all, so I still feel pretty sad about it.
With GunBuild-1, things turned out the way they did because of our inexperience. It sucked, but I accept what happened.
But with GunBuild-2, with all our powers combined, we made something we could all be proud of. Yet... it feels like we've all been thrown away.
Junna: “...”
I'm seriously worried.
Meanwhile, Jun is sleeping soundly next to me, back against Gunvarrel.
I had heard that she could fall asleep anywhere, but seeing as how she's doing it here of all places? She must not get much sleep at all.
She's got chores to do and she's still practicing karate. She told me that because of all that, she tries to find time for sleep whenever she can, even if it's only 1-2 minutes.
For example, even on a truck bed in the middle of a cold winter's day.
If I leave her like this, she might catch a cold.
I try poking Jun's cheek with my fingertip.
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “Whoa, you're mad soft...”
Yes, Jun's always had a babyface, but the springiness of her skin might be even more youthful than that...! Man, I'm jealous...
If only I'd gone out for sports...
Meh, wishing for the impossible isn't gonna get me anywhere.
Akiho: “What if Jun's lying about her age...?”
What if she's younger than she lets on?
She's short and looks like a junior high kid, so...
Her eyelids twitch slightly, but she shows no sign of waking up.
The wind blows.
It's getting chilly.
There's about 10 kilometers separating the Tanegashima Space Center and the hangar in Nakatane.
The truck we're riding in is plodding along at around 10 kilometers per hour. Even slower when we go up hill.
It's been about 30 minutes since we started moving. We're probably a little under halfway there.
We've still got a ways to go.
I look up at GunBuild-2's lower body lying on the truck bed.
He's currently split up into two chunks.
The upper body is in the other truck driving ahead of us.
Nae-san's in the passenger seat of that one.
Oh, and for the record, both drivers are JAXA personnel.
Child: “It's huuuge!”
I can hear the shrill voice of a kid. When I look in the voice's direction, I find two elementary schoolers.
They're both wearing backpacks and heading in the same direction as us.
One is a boy wearing a yellow hoodie and a black backpack.
The other is in shorts with a blue backpack.
Are they heading home from school?
Naturally, their eyes are focused on the truck bed we're riding in, or more specifically, GunBuild-2.
Our eyes happen to meet, so I wink at them as the friendly young lady I am.
Hoodie Kid: “...”
Youngster: “...”
The two boys look at each other, then look back at me without as much as a smile.
Youngster: “Is that a rocket?”
Well, that was unexpected.
Akiho: “Close. It's a robot, not a rocket.”
Hoodie Kid: “A robot? Doesn't look like it. It's just junk.”
Youngster: “I wanted to see a rocket.”
Akiho: “...”
Well this is a little... no, this is a LOT annoying...
And with the best (worst?) timing possible, the truck stops at a red light.
As do the children.
Time to show these kids a thing or two.
Akiho: “Can you two use ‘IRUO.’?”
When the two boys nod, I put on a smug smile and point at GunBuild-2 behind my back.
Akiho: “Take a look. Prepare to be amazed!”
The boys whip out their PokeComs and do as told.
Holding them up at face height, they peer through the screen.
Youngster: “Whoa, what is that?!”
Akiho: “Gunvarrel's legs. Hehe.”
Hoodie Kid: “Eww! She said Gunvarrel!”
Youngster: “Nobody cares about that old, crappy robot!”
Akiho: “C-Crappy robot...?!”
Akiho: “Both of you, sit down this instant!”
Akiho: “Big Sis's gonna teach you both a lesson!”
Youngster: “Waaah, run away!”
The boys flee just after the light turns green and the truck starts.
I lost my chance to chase them down, leaving me with nothing but leftover shock and anger boiling in my chest.
Akiho: “I fear for the future of Japan...”
Junna: “Nn... You're shouting... Did something happen?”
Jun sleepily tilts her head toward me.
Akiho: “G'morning, Jun.”
Junna: “Akiho-chan, um, did something sad happen?”
Akiho: “Yes. Very sad.”
Akiho: “I wonder if everyone's hearts have already grown apart from Gunvarrel...”
At least that's how it's starting to feel to me.
Alongside last year's episode leak were rumors that a large chunk of the staff had died mysteriously, as well as other stuff.
Even then, I guess I just wasn't ready to hear those kids call Gunvarrel an old, crappy robot...
For someone like me who loves Gunvarrel to the moon and back, it really hurts...
Akiho: “...Jun, do you mind letting me cry into your chest for a little...?”
Junna: “Huh? Huuuh?”
Clinging to Junna's chest, a trickle of tears drips down my cheek.
