After hearing the news yesterday, I've been getting more and more hyped.
At this point, I'm practically buzzing with excitement. This is the most excited I've ever been for anything ever.
I'm kinda surprised at myself.
I didn't think I liked rockets this much....
Before my eyes passes a large truck carrying a nearly 4-meter tall cylindrical part, moving at around 2-3 kilometers per hour.
Prefectural Road 586 was built in 2010 to connect Minamitane to the Tanegashima Space Center.
The road is optimized for transporting rocket parts and is pretty much the only three lane road on Tanegashima.
Naturally, the road was built this wide to smoothly transport rocket parts.
It's been 6-7 years since the TNSC would launch nearly three rockets a year. The sight in front of me knocked me way back in time.
Whenever it was time for a launch, parts would arrive a few months before launch at Shimama Harbor on the western end.
It's a little less than 20 kilometers from that harbor to the TNSC located on the southeastern end of the island.
From National Highway 58, they'd cut through the center of Minamitane, then jump onto Prefectural Road 586.
The vehicles move at a walking pace, so when they came through town there was plenty of time to go and watch.
And so today, with no classes to attend, I've come to watch.
The rocket parts are painted black.
The H-ⅡA Rockets were painted white, so these leave quite a different impression.
When it comes to black rockets, the first thing that comes to mind is the Soviet's Soyuz Rocket... but that was painted a dark green, which is not exactly black.
Apparently, JAXA is entrusting a private enterprise with this launch. That explains why everything's so weird and different from years ago.
Kaito: “...”
In the past...
I'd often come to watch the rockets like this.
For one, the road has always been close to my house.
And back then, I had a silly, unattainable dream of becoming an astronaut.
But most of all...
Misaki: “Hey, Kai. Look.”
Misaki: “They're going to put it all together and fly it up and up until it gets to space!”
Misaki: “The right stuff. It's not just people who have it. Rockets do, too.”
Misaki: “Gooo... Hot dog, gooo!”
Kaito: “...”
Like that, Misa-nee would call out at the rocket parts being slowly carried along the road.
Thinking back on it now, she was a pretty strange high school girl.
But I didn't dislike that about her back then. Or now.
Kaito: “Hot dog...”
I start whispering it, but an old lady standing nearby gives me an odd look, so I hurriedly look away.
I can't help as a pained smile forces itself across my face.
Maybe I'll buy a hot dog at the convenience store.
Lonsow is within walking distance from here, so why not?
That'll be the end of my break.
After that, it'll be back to my original goal: hunting down the Kimijima Report.
Kaito: “...Sister Centipede. Tell me today's location candidates.”
Sister Centipede: “Understood.”
