I buy two bottles of soda and head out onto the runway.
It's there that Model-2 rests in the same position it fell in.
Akiho stands alone in front of the fallen robot.
She has her hand on the robot's shoulder in a tender display of affection. She stands in silence.
From behind, Madam President of the Robotics Club looks incredibly lonely.
With the club gone, the two giant robots we built are to be disassembled at the hands of contractors.
They're supposed to arrive here today to take them away.
In truth, the VP told us we weren't allowed to come here anymore.
But in what world would we actually obey?
Akiho: “...Hey, Kai?”
As I approach, Akiho speaks to me without turning around.
Akiho: “Doesn't he look like he's crying?”
Kaito: “...Beats me.”
Akiho: “The shin part on the left leg is all bent and twisted.”
Akiho: “He looks like he's crying out in pain...”
Akiho: “But... I already know that's nothing but a delusion.”
Akiho: “Robots don't have a will of their own, and they don't feel pain.”
Akiho: “This isn't the same as Subaru's injury.”
Akiho takes her hand off of Model-2 and turns to face me.
I understand as soon as I see the expression on her face.
...Akiho hasn't given up yet.
Akiho: “Anyway, I know it's a little late, but I figured I'd act like a president and close things out properly.”
Akiho: “Can you listen for a minute, Kai?”
Kaito: “Go ahead.”
I shrug and prompt her to continue.
Akiho looks up at the sky for a while.
She raises one hand, like she's about to take an oath.
Akiho: “The Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Research Club is hereby disbanded!”
Akiho: “Thank you for your patronage!”
She then respectfully bows.
I get the feeling that patronage isn't quite the right word to use in this instance.
But whatever. I clap my hands anyway.
Kaito: “And?”
Upon hearing me ask that, Akiho takes a deep breath and hardens her expression.
Akiho: “I'll handle the rest on my own.”
Kaito: “What's that supposed to mean?”
Akiho: “Since the Robotics Club is gone, I'll figure something out on my own, as a hobby.”
She really hasn't given up at all.
I had a feeling. She still hasn't made her dream come true, after all.
But even then...
Kaito: “You really think it'll be forgivable if you do that?”
Akiho: “...I know it won't be.”
Akiho: “But this was a Robotics Club problem, so as the president, I need to take responsibility.”
Akiho: “Nobody's going to forgive me if I start going on about my dreams again.”
Akiho: “Subaru'll probably resent me for it.”
Akiho: “And I'll just be digging deeper into the wounds in Jun's heart.”
Akiho: “I'm sure the VP is going to get really mad.”
Akiho: “And if Subaru's dad finds out, he'll probably actually hit me this time.”
Kaito: “Not only that, but outsiders will say all kinds of rotten things about you.”
Kaito: “They'll talk about how Misa-nee was such a prodigy, and yet her little sister is nothing but a disgrace trying desperately to be somebody.”
Kaito: “People like our classmates' parents, or even the police.”
Kaito: “They'll talk about how you need to stop because it's too dangerous. Because someone already got hurt.”
Kaito: “You'd likely get treated like trash. Eggs might come flying when you step outside.”
Kaito: “You might end up getting sued by Subaru's dad.”
Kaito: “If you have to pay damages, you'd cause financial problems for your own family.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “When Model-1 failed, you still had your friends.”
Kaito: “You had people helping you, and the Robotics Club still existed.”
Kaito: “But it's different this time.”
Kaito: “You have no allies.”
Kaito: “Even JAXA pulled out. You have no sponsors. No backing from the school.”
Kaito: “The VP will likely strong-arm everyone, so people like Old Man Kamata, Doc, or any of the local workshops won't be able to help.”
Kaito: “You don't have the money to go it alone.”
Kaito: “Even if you managed to repair Model-2 in time for the Expo, could you transport it to Tokyo by yourself?”
Kaito: “...No matter how you look at it, it's impossible. You can't keep going.”
Kaito: “Despite all of that, do you still refuse to give up?”
If I were to hit Akiho with this much negativity under normal circumstances, she'd most likely break. Here, she should at least hesitate, if nothing else.
But instead...
Akiho: “...I don't want to give up.”
Akiho: “I know that this is just me being self-centered and selfish.”
Akiho: “I know that I can't read the room at all. That I'm going way too far while ignoring the consequences.”
Akiho: “I doubt anybody would ever follow me down this path.”
Akiho: “But despite that, I want to force things to go my way. I'll pull something crazy on my own.”
Akiho: “I might totally fail in the end.”
Kaito: “Even then?”
Akiho grasps her chest tightly.
Akiho: “Yeah, even then.”
Akiho: “Didn't I tell you before?”
Akiho: “I want to catch up to Big Sis.”
Akiho: “That's my number one goal.”
Kaito: “You'd pursue that goal even if it meant throwing everything away?”
Akiho: “I've come this far already.”
Akiho: “I'm just one step away.”
Akiho: “I've always been an idiot. I'm completely worthless. I get these awful seizures. There's nothing to admire about me at all.”
Akiho: “But this dream is the one thing I can never give up on, Kai.”
Akiho: “I refuse to let things end unfinished.”
Kaito: “...”
For crying out loud...
Talk about having a thick head...
Kaito: “I see... Man, your persistence is nuts.”
Kaito: “But I have zero faith in you, Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Kaito: “This is impossible.”
Kaito: “You can't do it by yourself.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Y-You don't have to be so blunt about it!”
Akiho: “Unlike my sister, I don't have anything special that draws people to me. I'm completely average!”
Akiho: “I'm not good at engineering like Subaru!”
Akiho: “I can't program like Frau Bow!”
Akiho: “I can't do karate like Jun!”
Akiho: “I'm not good at Kill-Ballad like you, Kai!”
Akiho: “I know I have no redeeming qualities at all...!”
Akiho: “But still, there are things that I can never give up on...!”
Akiho: “I don't care if people hate me! I'm going to see this one thing through to the end!”
Kaito: “And I'm saying I don't have faith in that decision.”
Akiho: “Kai... How could you say something like that...?”
Kaito: “Because you've been dragging me all over the damn place for years now.”
Kaito: “And yet after all this time, you still didn't think to come ask me. You decided everything on your own.”
Misaki: “Take care of Aki for me.”
Kaito: “As someone who made a promise with Misa-nee, I probably have no right to say anything, but...”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...?”
Akiho: “Are you against this?”
Akiho: “Are you not coming with me...?”
I let out a sigh.
Kaito: “Is that a request?”
Akiho: “Huh?”
I put the two bottles of Skal in my hands on the ground.
In their place, I take out my PokeCom from the bag on my waist.
Kaito: “If that's the case, Aki-chan...”
Kaito: “Fight me.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Kaito: “One Kill-Ballad match.”
Kaito: “And if you somehow manage to beat me...”
Kaito: “I'll go along with your craziness to the very end.”
Akiho: “Ah...”
Akiho: “You're that against it...?”
Akiho: “I didn't...”
Akiho: “O-Okay. I should've known. I'm sorry. I was expecting too much...”
Akiho: “I thought that you'd always be on my side, no matter what...”
Akiho: “I'm really sorry. I was being conceited, wasn't I? Hehe...”
Kaito: “Enough chitchat.”
I pay her no mind and launch Kill-Ballad.
Kaito: “Are we doing this or not?”
Akiho: “There's no point...”
Akiho: “I'll never win. You know that. You've even said it yourself.”
Kaito: “Enough excuses.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “I like to keep things simple.”
Kaito: “So, for just five minutes, show me how serious you really are.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho bites her lip like she's holding back tears. Despite that, she pulls out her PokeCom.
Kaito: “That's the spirit.”
Akiho: “Just one match...”
Kaito: “I know.”
I know aaall too well.
This one match'll decide everything.
This will determine how me, Akiho, and the Robotics Club move forward.
Whew...
I crushed her.
Akiho: “Are you satisfied now?”
Akiho: “...You're horrible, Kai.”
Akiho: “You're just picking on me at this point...”
Kaito: “I was kinda hoping for a miracle.”
Kaito: “If you managed to beat me now, it'd be one helluva miracle, right? Like a message from God.”
Kaito: “So if you actually had won, I would've been more than happy to tag along.”
Akiho: “Miracles never happen!”
Akiho: “And even if they did, I still wouldn't be able to win!”
Akiho: “You're such a jerk! Just leave me alone!”
Akiho: “Waaaaah!”
Whoa...
She's really sobbing.
Kaito: “...Ah, uh, I'm sorry.”
Akiho: “Sniff...”
Akiho: “I don't care! I'm done with you!”
Akiho: “It's not like you've ever done anything to help me, anyway!”
Akiho: “It doesn't matter if you're with me or not, it wouldn't change a thing! You're such an idiot!”
Akiho: “I hate you, Kai!”
Akiho: “You big jerk...!”
Kaito: “...”
This isn't good.
She's completely lost control of her emotions.
I'm not gonna be able to get through to her for a while.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, just go home for today. It'll be a pain in the ass, but I'll handle the clean up.”
Akiho: “No, YOU go home, Kai! It's not like you want to be here with me anyway!”
Akiho: “I... Sniff... have a responsibility to see this through to the end. It's my duty as president!”
Akiho then turns her back to me and starts climbing up the fallen Model-2.
Kaito: “I can see your panties.”
Akiho: “Shut up!”
She grasps her knees and crouches down on top of Model-2.
She's completely cut me off.
...There's no point trying to get through to her anymore. It'd just be a waste of time.
She told me to go home, so I'll do just that.
Her dream ends here.
No matter how hard Akiho struggles alone, there's a limit to what she can accomplish.
But I'm sure that someday, this setback will become a fond memory for her.
Then she can find a new dream and work toward that.
Three months have passed since then.
Looking back on it, it felt like an incredibly hectic, busy few months.
After graduating from high school, I left Tanegashima and started attending a prep school in Kagoshima.
I'm spending a year here. After that, I plan on taking the entrance exam for a university in Tokyo next year.
Akiho remained on the island.
After everything that happened, she did her best to repair Model-2 by herself, but she couldn't make it in time for the Expo.
She started working part-time at Kamata Motors, so I bet she still hasn't given up on her dream. I applaud her tenacity, I guess.
I haven't been in contact with Junna or Subaru since the accident.
I heard rumors that Subaru's surgery was a success, though.
He's apparently taking some time off school to focus on rehab.
Junna's completely shut down since then.
She didn't attend our graduation ceremony, and she seems to have refused her job offer at Space Candy.
Someday, I hope the deep wounds in her heart will heal.
Frau returned to Tokyo last month.
She said it was pointless to stay if she couldn't find her mom and vanished from the hotel before I could even say goodbye.
I heard Nae-san also returned to Tokyo. Her work was unrelated to rockets, so there was nothing left for her there.
As always, Sister Centipede haunts my PokeCom. Airi has yet to show herself a single time.
Now that I'm thinnking of her, I wonder what happened to the Airi that was in cold sleep... Was she able to wake up safely in Tokyo?
I've been seeing Misa-nee in the news a lot less as of late.
Maybe she's more focused on her position as a test pilot these days.
The Kimijima Reports were dispersed around the world, and millions of users got their hands on them.
It's April now, and there's been no solar storm.
No terrorism, either, or at least, nothing big enough to make the news.
Today, after multiple delays to the schedule, Tanegashima Space Center launched its first rocket in six years.
They planned to broadcast it live on the internet, but that ended up getting scrapped entirely.
In fact, the media didn't even pick it up at all. It was actually fairly unnatural.
The black rocket, quite different from the old H-ⅡA models, took off from the launch pad without me there to see it.
I guess Akiho went to watch, though. She posted about it on Twipo, which is how I found out about the launch.
I casually glance to the south, in the direction of Tanegashima.
There's a very small dot of light rising into the sky.
I know for a fact that it's the light of a rocket.
The rocket leaves behind a trail of smoke as it flies up into the blue sky.
When I was little, I'd watch launches from Uchugaoka Park with Akiho, Misa-nee, and lots of native spectators.
The thunderous roar of the fuel erupting in flame.
The cheers of the spectators.
But now, I'm walking along the row of cherry blossom trees lined up on Kagoshima.
The rocket is so far away that it's just a speck in the distance.
Yet still...
Just like Misa-nee would do in the past...
Kaito: “Gooo! Hot dog, gooo!”
I shout out at that tiny speck of light.
The moment the match ends, Akiho stares dumbfounded at her PokeCom.
Kaito: “...Guess that's that.”
Akiho: “Huh... Wha...?”
Akiho: “Did I just... win...?”
Kaito: “Yeah. You won, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “Looks like I have to tag along with your craziness for just a little while longer.”
Akiho: “Kai, why...?”
Akiho: “Just now, on purpose, you—”
Kaito: “More importantly, do you have some candy?”
Akiho: “Candy...?”
Kaito: “The usual.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Y-Yeah...”
Akiho: “Yeah. I do...”
Akiho takes out a piece of Space Candy from her skirt pocket.
Akiho: “Just one...”
Kaito: “Thanks. I'll pay you back later.”
When I go to take it.
Akiho holds my hand with the candy.
Akiho: “...”
She then leaps into my chest.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai... Are you really going to stay with me?”
Akiho: “You'll see my dream through to the end, together with me?”
Kaito: “Yeah. That's the plan.”
That's the promise I made.
I gently embrace her trembling shoulders.
All the tension leaves Akiho's formerly stiff body, as though she's finally found some relief.
Kaito: “So, it's about time for you to cheer up.”
Kaito: “You told me before that you have no redeeming qualities.”
Kaito: “But being ridiculously optimistic and stupidly cheerful qualify as far as I'm concerned.”
Kaito: “So, use that attitude of yours to drag me all over the place.”
Akiho: “Okay...”
Akiho nods and slowly pulls away from me.
She wipes her tears.
And smiles bashfully.
Akiho: “Sniff... Looks like it's just the two of us all over again. Hehe.”
Kaito: “Well, either way, we were always gonna be the only ones who could go to the Expo, so nothing's changed.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I guess you're right.”
Hm?
I hear a truck horn blaring in the distance.
A crane vehicle drives onto the airport apron.
Are they here to disassemble the robots?
They're here a lot sooner than scheduled.
Mitchie was supposed to be around for this, but he's nowhere to be found.
The truck stops in front of the hangar.
But an unexpected person hops out of the driver's seat.
Fujita: “Yo.”
Akiho: “Doc...?!”
Fujita: “Hmph. Good grief, you brats need to get a room.”
Ugh, he saw us...
I'm so embarrassed that I feel like my face could catch on fire.
Akiho must feel the same way considering she's silent, bright red, and looks like she's about to die from embarassment.
Akiho: “M-More importantly, are you here to disassemble our robots, Doc?!”
Fujita: “Yup. That's the order from up top.”
Kaito: “And you said yes?”
Fujita: “The pay ain't great. That old hag VP was a real pain to deal with.”
Akiho: “You can't!”
Fujita: “But after accepting the gig, I changed my mind.”
Doc's face wrinkles up as he bends his lips.
Is that... a smile?
Fujita: “I figured I'd try fixing that robot over there. Y'know, as part of my hobby.”
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Fujita: “So? What say you to helpin' this old man with his little pet project?”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Ha... haha...”
What a sly old coot...
This was probably his plan since the beginning.
Akiho: “But we don't have the money to hire you, Doc...”
Fujita: “You moron! This is why I'm always ragging on you, Robotics Club!”
Akiho: “Whaaa? Why am I getting yelled at?!”
Fujita: “This ain't about money in the slightest.”
Fujita: “Do you understand what's important? Answer me, Robotics Club!”
Akiho: “...Uh, the dream?”
Fujita: “Yeah, you got that right.”
Akiho: “That's the opposite of what you said before! You were super greedy!”
Fujita: “Opposite? ...Well, duh.”
Fujita: “My personal motto is that if I'm into a gig, I'll see it through to the end. Even if it don't pay.”
Fujita: “Guess that makes me a lousy professional. Heh.”
Kaito: “You rock, Doc.”
Fujita: “Glad someone gets it.”
Fujita: “So, you doin' this or not?”
He glances at the side of Akiho's face.
There was no point in even asking.
Akiho nods her head as powerfully as possible.
Akiho: “I'll do it...!”
Fujita: “Hell yeah. Good answer.”
Fujita: “And you, Escort. What's your plan?”
Still calling me that, eh?
Kaito: “I've been Aki-chan's escort for a while now. I see no reason to stop now.”
Kaito: “If she's doing something, I'll be right there by her side.”
Fujita: “Hrmph. Not very honest, are we?”
He punches my upper arm with his bony fist.
Mitsuhiko: “Yoooo! Guuuuys!”
Akiho: “Ah, it's Mitchie.”
Mitsuhiko: “What are you doing?! Don't be deciding things without me around!”
Akiho: “You're late, Mitchie!”
Our advisor comes jogging over to us.
Mitsuhiko: “Hahh, whew! Hey, you didn't start hashing it out without me, did'ja?”
Akiho: “We did.”
Mitsuhiko: “What?! C'mon, people. Really?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Did you guys forget who's supposed to be advising around here?!”
Akiho: “Sorry, Mitchie. I can't give up.”
Mitsuhiko: “Huh? What are you talking about?”
Akiho: “Me, Kai, and Doc. We're going to fix up Model-2 again.”
Akiho: “And we're gonna enter the Expo!”
Akiho: “And that's final!”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Fujita: “Give it up, Mitsuhiko.”
Fujita: “You know the Robotics Club's stubbornness rivals even Misaki's.”
Mitchie looks up at the sky with an exasperated expression on his face.
Mitsuhiko: “The heck...? Huh, guess I was all worried over nothing.”
What...?
What's Mitchie on about?
Akiho: “Mitchie...?”
Mitsuhiko: “Doc, how much do you need?”
Fujita: “Yo, who do you think I am? If you think I'm just some greedy bastard who only works for cash, you're sorely mistaken.”
Mitsuhiko: “Well, you sure were a real miser way back in the day.”
This is the same back and forth that Akiho had earlier.
Mitsuhiko: “You telling me you plan on fixing up stuff for free?”
Fujita: “I ain't takin' your money. This is the dream, got it?”
Mitsuhiko: “Still, it's gonna cost a pretty penny to get the big guy all the way to Tokyo.”
Mitsuhiko: “Plus, we got the hotel costs to think of, too.”
Akiho: “I... didn't even think of that...”
Mitsuhiko: “...Good grief. Here.”
Mitchie reaches into his track jacket and pulls something out.
It's a bundle of 10,000 yen bills.
Akiho: “Money...!”
Kaito: “Wh-Whoa, don't tell me this is dirty money, Mitchie?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Oh c'mon, what kinda person do you think I am?”
Mitsuhiko: “I just got this back from the school.”
Akiho: “What do you mean?”
Mitsuhiko: “Here's a pro tip. This is actually your cash.”
Mitsuhiko: “Did you forget? You won second place at ROBO-ONE last year.”
Akiho: “Ah...!”
Oh wow, I completely forgot that the one million yen we got as prize money was taken by the school in order to be used for next year's funds.
Mitsuhiko: “Now that the Robotics Club is gone, we gotta give this money back to you.”
Kaito: “Wait, Mitchie... Have you also not given up on going to the Expo?”
Mitsuhiko: “Hm? Correctamundo. Glad I don't have to go through the hassle of convincing you kids not to throw in the towel.”
Kaito: “If this gets out, you could lose your job.”
Mitsuhiko: “I'll cross that bridge when I get to it. Plus, I was just thinking about taking a trip to Tokyo. That's a tip.”
How is that a tip?
Mitsuhiko: “So, what're you gonna do with the cash? Should I give it to Doc as a part of your funds?”
Akiho: “...Yeah. Please do, Sensei.”
Mitsuhiko: “There you have it. Take care of it, Doc.”
Mitchie hands the bundle of bills to Doc.
Fujita: “Leave it to me. I'll use this money to get that clumsy robot to Tokyo.”
Would you look at that. A delinquent old geezer and a delinquent teacher. Can't say I saw this coming.
Fujita: “Anyhow, things're gonna get busy. We barely have any time left.”
Fujita: “Hey, Escort. You're gonna be helping this time.”
Kaito: “What? C'mon, I'm just the escort. I'll operate it, but I didn't sign up for anything else.”
Fujita: “Quit your blubbering!”
Ow... Could you not yell at me, please?
Akiho: “Aaaaaaaah! I'm so fired up! The flames are burning brighter and hotter than ever!!!”
Akiho: ‘That person’ once said!”
Akiho suddenly climbs up onto Model-2.
She then looks at the three of her manservants.
Akiho: “‘Warriors are destined to fight as long as they live!’”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, we can see your panties!”
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Yeeeeeaaah!”
She's not listening...
Well, whatever.
I'm glad she's gotten back some of her usual energy.
We've only got less than a month before we land in Tokyo for the Expo.
Kaito: “...”
I'm going to see Misa-nee this time, no matter what.
There's a whole laundry list of things we need to talk about...
