The sky is clear and blue.
The crisp winter weather isn't too bad.
The exam takers should be face-first in their entrance exams at Kagoshima University right about now.
As for me? I ended up spending New Year's without having chosen my post-graduation career path.
Post-grad unemployment is pretty much a given now.
Needless to say, my parents really got on my ass about it at the end of the year.
Surprisingly, once I go to Tokyo for the Expo, I don't think I'd mind setting up camp over there.
Things'll work out fine even if I don't go on to college... Nah, even I know I'm probably being naive.
Akiho: “Kai, what are you daydreaming about?”
Akiho comes up beside me and peeks at my face.
Despite being in the same hot water as I am, Madam President over here is totally cool and collected.
...Or she's probably just not thinking about it. I'm guessing she's too focused on the robot to be worried about anything else.
Kaito: “I was just thinking about how it's the perfect temperature outside today.”
Kaito: “So? Did you park your scooter?”
Akiho: “Yup. Today's our first test run, so it's finally your time to shine, Kai. Good luck!”
Kaito: “You do realize I haven't even seen Model-2 in its completed form yet, right?”
Akiho: “No worries. You'll get to see it as much as you want today.”
Akiho: “Looks aside, GunBuild-1 doesn't even come close when it comes to performance.”
Akiho: “You're gonna get hyped too, Kai! I guarantee it.”
Akiho is in a really good mood today.
She's clearly confident about how Model-2 turned out.
Kaito: “Are we gonna have to deal with another huge crowd for the test run?”
Akiho: “Nope, not this time.”
Akiho: “Looks like Mr. Candy learned his lesson after what happened last time.”
Akiho: “He wants to reveal GunBuild-2 to the public only after we've confirmed that it runs properly.”
She's referring to the president of Space Candy, Mr. Nagafukada Sumio. Akiho calls him Mr. Candy for short.
Akiho: “Plus, I don't think anyone's willing to come all the way out to the edge of the island just to get a look.”
We arrive at the entrance to the building to find Junna and Frau waiting for us.
Junna: “Yashio-kun, Akiho-chan. G-Good morning.”
Junna nods her head, a troubled expression on her face.
Frau's clinging to Junna's legs. She looks pale as a ghost.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, are you feeling okay?”
Junna: “Um, she... She must've gotten carsick from Nagafukada-sensei's driving.”
Junna points to the Thunder Emperor parked near the gate.
Mitchie's sitting in the driver's seat with the window open so that all may hear his outrageous snores.
Frau: “Uugh... I'm gonna puke...”
Frau: “That shitty advisor... and his reckless driving, lol... w8, this is no laughing matter... bleh...”
Akiho: “Didn't I tell you that riding with Mitchie was effectively suicide?”
Frau got a taste of Mitchie's driving the very day she moved here.
She really needs to hurry up and get a scooter license.
Akiho: “Where's Subaru?”
Junna: “Oh, he's already inside. I think he came an hour early.”
Akiho: “Holy moley!”
Akiho: “He's pretty serious about this. I'm impressed.”
Akiho: “Kai, how about you learn a thing or two from him?”
Kaito: “Is that a request?”
Akiho: “Eh? Uh...”
Akiho immediately recognizes what I'm getting at, the expression on her face screaming “Aw crap!”
Kaito: “In that case, you'll have to beat—”
Akiho: “Forget it. Hahh...”
Akiho: “Jun, Frau Bow, let's move!”
Akiho grabs Junna and Frau by the hands and pulls them inside the building.
Kaito: “Boooo, coward.”
Granted, she knows better than anyone how that would go. In that sense, she made the right choice.
Actually, I wonder if Nae-san is here today. I'd love to get a set in if possible.
Model-2 isn't at the top of my list of priorities.
...I'll just leave Mitchie in the car.
Kaito: “Whoa...”
As soon as I enter the building, I'm met with a blast of cool air and a completely finished giant robot.
Akiho: “Tadaah! Say hello to GunBuild Project Prototype Model-2! GunBuild-2 for short!”
Kaito: “Whoa, this is nuts.”
It honestly feels like Model-2 just kinda popped out of nowhere since I had so little to do with the construction.
That being said, I did see the process unfold to a certain extent, I suppose.
Assembly of Model-2 ramped up toward the end of last year.
Its appearance practically oozes with the personality of its designer, Subaru.
It definitely loses out to Model-1 in terms of charm and impact.
The first thing that pops out is how slim the body is.
I mean, just look at the legs. There are open spaces in the shins.
A complete 180 from Model-1's thick-ass legs.
Plus, it just overall feels more robotic, if that makes any sense.
It lacks any kind of decorative additions, like it was assembled with only the most necessary of parts.
Basically, it looks like a robot for industrial use. Not one you'd see in an anime.
It does have a head, but only so it can hold an omnidirectional camera and sensors. It has no face... Wait.
Kaito: “Um, what's that paper-looking thing attached to the head?”
Stuck to Model-2's boorish, rectangular head is a piece of paper with something that looks like a face on it.
Akiho: “It's a face, duh.”
Kaito: “...A face?”
Akiho: “C'mon, Kai, use your eyes. Also, it's not paper, it's cloth.”
Akiho: “That face is the modest symbol of my resistance.”
For whatever reason, Akiho starts to pout.
Akiho: “Subaru wouldn't agree to putting anything on the face like horns or eyes.”
Akiho: “I asked if we could at least stick a star up on his forehead.”
Akiho: “I mean, that star is basically Gunvarrel's symbol! You get that, right?”
Nope. Not at all.
She should really be asking someone who is familiar with Gunvarrel, AKA not me.
Akiho: “But he still said no...”
Kaito: “It looks pretty cheap.”
Akiho: “I know, right?”
Kaito: “Though Model-1 was way worse.”
Akiho: “Mrgrgr...”
Akiho glares at me, but I just let her eye lasers bounce right off of me.
Akiho: “Hahh... Nobody's gonna think a face like that is cute...”
Subaru: “Who cares what they think.”
Subaru appears from the back room.
He walks over to us and bows his head in the most half-assed way possible.
Subaru: “Good morning.”
Subaru: “So, do you still intend on engaging in yet another unproductive debate?”
Kaito: “What debate?”
Subaru: “Whether to build a face or not. She harassed me about it for an entire day.”
Kaito: “Ah, yeah. I feel you. Aki-chan's really particular about that type of thing.”
Subaru: “She went on and on about how a robot's face is the most important part or something. Total nonsense, if you ask me.”
Subaru: “Besides, I've been saying from the beginning that we should stop using Gunvarrel as the base model.”
Kaito: “Why?”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, I assume you know all about the scandal that occurred around summer of last year?”
Subaru: “You must be well aware of how much Gunvarrel is being scrutinized these days.”
Frau: “...”
Oh, that. Hmm.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to talk about the final episode in front of Frau or not. The subject's pretty delicate.
The contents of the leaked episode, as well as the reveal that 13 staff members had mysteriously died. Not to mention Kogoori Minami's message.
The Gunvarrel scandal continues to be debated across the entire world.
Subaru's not mistaken that this is the worst possible time to model an Expo robot after Gunvarrel.
But...
Akiho: “I can't give up Gunvarrel. I'm not budging on this.”
I knew Akiho would say that.
Frau: “B-Besides, I don't have any other 3D models b-besides Gunvarrel...”
Subaru: “Yes, I'm fully aware. That's why I understand there's nothing we can do about that.”
Subaru: “But a robot's face is not the most important part. Its performance and capabilities are.”
Akiho: “You're wrong, Subaru.”
Akiho: “Appearance is more important than performance, especially in the case of bipedal robots.”
Akiho: “Otherwise, there's no point to building them in such an inefficient form.”
Subaru: “Certainly a face is needed for communication purposes, but that's only after the robot itself is functional.”
Subaru: “Besides, there was no face during the design phase. You can't just bring this up at the very end.”
Subaru: “Plus, if you look at Model-2 through ‘IRUO.’, you can see Gunvarrel and his face just fine.”
Subaru: “Isn't that enough?”
Akiho: “But don't you think Model-2's cuteness levels are at an unacceptable low?”
Akiho: “Sure, GunBuild-1 had really fat legs and wasn't very functional, but at least it had a sense of charm to it!”
Akiho: “That's why I'm saying a robot's face is so important.”
Akiho: “Hey, you think so too, don't you Jun?”
Junna: “Oh, um, me?”
Junna is flustered at the sudden cue to speak.
Way to put her on the spot.
Junna: “Uh, yeah, um. Uh huh, maybe... Ahaha.”
Subaru: “Maybe? Don't tell me you actually agree with Prez, Daitoku-senpai?”
Junna: “Um, well, I...”
Junna fidgets for a bit before decisively looking up.
Junna: “I think, um, it should be cute too.”
Junna: “That way, it's easier for people to get emotionally attached to it.”
Wow, not bad for an introvert, Junna.
I don't think she's ever expressed her opinion to Subaru so concisely before.
Subaru: “...”
Subaru: “What about you, Furugoori?”
Frau: “Idc.”
Welp.
Subaru: “And you, Yashio-senpai?”
Kaito: “I prefer performance out of the two.”
Kaito: “Character performance is key if you want to reach the top of the leaderboard.”
Kaito: “Choosing a low-tier character doesn't make you special or strong. It just makes you a masochist.”
Subaru: “Two votes each, one abstaining. Looks like a deadlock.”
Subaru: “At the end of the day, this debate revolves around how each of us views robots and our ideals about them.”
Kaito: “Couldn't you just say it's up to personal preference?”
Subaru: “Sure. That's one way of putting it.”
Subaru: “Look, this is a debate that's been going on ever since I joined, no, since before I even joined the Robotics Club.”
Subaru: “Arguing about it now won't get us anywhere.”
He has a point.
Neither of them plan to back down even the slightest bit.
Subaru: “We discussed the face and came to an agreement early on. You'll have to make do with that.”
Subaru: “I compromised even though I didn't wish to.”
That face cloth is supposed to be a “compromise”?
Subaru: “Besides, I've dismantled your arguments time and time again...”
Subaru: “How can you still disagree with me in spite of this, Prez?”
Subaru: “Can you even form a single, logical argument against my position? If so, I'm all ears.”
Akiho: “Grr...”
Akiho: “...You big jerk!”
Kaito: “Wh—?! Hey, don't take it out on me!”
She messed up my hair. Again.
Why didn't she attack Subaru...?
I had absolutely nothing to do with any of this.
Akiho: “...I don't have a rebuttal, so let's get this test started!”
Subaru: “I'm glad you understand.”
Akiho: “One day I'm gonna argue your face in so hard that you're gonna burst into tears!”
I don't see that happening in our lifetime.
Subaru: “Now that that's settled, let me begin by going over the important points of the test.”
Junna: “Um... Before that...”
Junna timidly raises her hand.
Junna: “Tennouji-san isn't here yet... Is it okay to start without her?”
Nae-san isn't the only one absent. Nobody from JAXA is present, actually.
Akiho: “You're right. That's odd. Usually she's here before the meeting time.”
Akiho: “Well, I guess it should be okay to go over the various precautions and the operational instructions.”
Akiho: “Kai and Jun are today's stars. Both of you, make sure to memorize the controls.”
Controls, eh?
If this were a match, they'd be the most important thing to remember if I wanted to win.
Subaru: “All right. Let me begin.”
Subaru: “The operator, sub-operator, and person responsible for the drive system in particular should pay close attention.”
Frau: “...?”
Subaru: “I'm talking to you, Furugoori. Listen up.”
Frau: “But I refuse.”
Subaru: “Y-You what...?!”
Frau: “Nevermind. Please continue.”
Subaru: “Ahem...”
Subaru: “Prez and I have basically been doing all the work until now, so I'm passing the baton to you guys.”
Subaru: “Starting tomorrow and running through the month leading up to shipping day, you three will configure the settings.”
Subaru: “If you guys don't get things nice and precise, there'll be no Grand Prix at the Expo.”
Junna: “O-Osu...!”
Kaito: “Yeah, whatever.”
Frau: “But I refuse.”
Subaru: “Enough of that.”
Frau: “Sad face...”
Frau lowers her shoulders. I'll just leave her be.
Subaru: “What sets Gunvarrel Prototype Model-2 apart from the rest of the pack are...”
Subaru pauses for a second and quickly glances around the room.
Subaru: “The monopole motors.”
Subaru: “The fact that it utilizes them is its greatest unique characteristic.”
Subaru: “By using them, Model-2 has much higher mobility than Model-1.”
Subaru: “If you operate it with the same mindset you had with Model-1, you'll be surprised by how fast it is.”
Subaru: “As far as the drive system is concerned, we had Furugoori modify M45's posture control software.”
Subaru: “Getting straight to the point, it's a positioning and posture control system that syncs 3D scanning and the ‘IRUO.’ street view tech in real-time.”
According to Subaru's explanation, here's the basic rundown.
Model-2 is equipped with 3D scanners on both shoulders. By scanning its surroundings, the AI automatically controls the robot's posture.
Not only that, but apparently it's synced up with the ‘IRUO.’ street view app.
The photos that users all over the world upload onto ‘IRUO.’ are taken with the 3D camera installed on PokeComs.
Basically, though it may be artificial, the ‘IRUO.’ street view app is digitized in 3D.
By referencing this data, Model-2 can more precisely identify the terrain.
Subaru: “What makes this groundbreaking is...”
Subaru: “...Once a command is input, the AI predicts the future and displays its findings for the operator.”
Subaru: “With this, the operator will have the time to bring Model-2 to an emergency stop should any problems arise.”
Subaru: “It might seem like overkill since Prototype Model-2 is limited in its movement, but I digress.”
Subaru: “This, combined with its remote operation, means that Model-2 is extremely safe.”
Subaru: “Much safer than Model-1, that's for sure.”
I'm extremely grateful to Subaru for that.
Back when I piloted Model-1, I thought I was going to piss myself in terror.
Subaru: “There are two operations required to make Prototype Model-2 move.”
Subaru: “One is the command input. We implemented Furugoori's Kill-Ballad System.”
Subaru: “This should feel identical to how Yashio-senpai controlled TanegashiMachine at ROBO-ONE.”
Akiho: “TanegashiMachine Version 3. Ahem.”
Subaru completely ignores Akiho's nitpicking.
Subaru: “Model-2 will only execute movements that correspond to pre-registered command inputs.”
Subaru: “In other words, you can't just move it freely.”
Subaru: “So far, the only registered commands are three basic moves and one special move.”
Subaru: “Feel free to increase this number as much as you find necessary during the settings phase.”
Subaru: “By the way, the command inputs are more difficult than KB's or the ones programmed into TanegashiMachine.”
Subaru: “This was done for safety purposes.”
Subaru: “At this size, any kind of accident could potentially result in total disaster.”
Subaru: “This is designed to prevent accidents caused by misinputs.”
Subaru: “Outside of the command inputs, there's one other control system in place that didn't exist in Model-1.”
Subaru: “That's the laser gun mount you see over there.”
Sitting by the base of Model-2's foot is what looks like a missile launch pad or some kind of gun emplacement.
A cylindrical device about 2 meters long is being supported by a pedestal.
At the end of the device is a handle and a set of buttons.
It's connected to a large generator via a thick cord.
What the hell is this thing?
Subaru: “It's a laser beam electricity transmission device. You can thank Doc for the odd design.”
Subaru: “By firing this toward Model-2's parabolic antenna, we can power the robot.”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai and Daitoku-senpai will take turns operating Model-2 and operating the laser beam.”
Junna: “Huh...?”
As soon as he finishes speaking, Junna's expression clearly stiffens.
Subaru: “Please take great care not to aim the laser at another human.”
Yeah, we heard all about the dangers of that thing when we decided on how to power Model-2.
Apparently, it doesn't take much to kill someone with it.
So, needless to say, neither myself nor Junna wants that kind of responsibility.
Junna: “Um, I could never operate something so scary...”
Kaito: “Likewise. It's powerful enough to kill someone, right?”
Why would anyone in their right mind allow some uncertified high schoolers to use something like that?
Akiho: “Worry not! We had a safety device installed into it!”
Akiho: “It's designed so that it only fires when the crosshairs are aimed at GunBuild-2's parabolic antenna.”
Akiho: “If it goes off-target at all, the laser will automatically shut off.”
Akiho: “Plus, we plan to make a more compact gun emplacement for the actual demo.”
Akiho: “A manufacturer that my dad knows is building a prototype for us right now, so hang tight.”
Huh, cool. That should make it harder for accidents to happen.
Junna sighs in very evident relief.
Akiho: “And JAXA personnel will be present when we use it, of course.”
Akiho: “I've already asked them to stop us if they feel it's even a little bit dangerous.”
Akiho: “One problem, though. The laser needs to be transmitting constantly since the output level is low. Otherwise, the robot'll shut down.”
Akiho: “GunBuild-2's gonna be moving around all over the place during the demo, right?”
Akiho: “You guys'll have to keep the laser trained on the antenna even when it's moving around.”
Akiho: “We have no fix for that, sadly. Practice makes perfect!”
Akiho: “I'm sure you'll be fine since you play lots of video games, Kai.”
Kaito: “Hmm... I dunno about that.”
Having good aim is key to doing well in first-person shooters...
But Kill-Ballad is a fighting game. The genre is completely different.
Kaito: “Regardless, I suppose I am more suited to be the laser operator.”
Kaito: “In which case, you should be the main operator, Jun-chan.”
That way, I can focus on the laser and Junna can focus on moving Model-2 around.
Junna: “Huh...? Um, well, uh, I'm happy just being the sub-operator...”
Junna hesitantly shakes her head back and forth.
Kaito: “But you clearly don't want to operate the laser, right?”
Junna: “That's only because I thought it'd be dangerous. It sounds a lot safer now.”
Akiho: “I think Mr. Candy would prefer it if you operated Model-2.”
Oh, yeah. That's right. He's been fond of Junna since the Model-1 days.
He might even give us more money if Junna steps up to the plate as the main operator.
Junna: “No, really. I'm fine as the sub. Someone skilled like Yashio-kun should control the robot...”
Subaru: “Model-2 is nothing like a hobby robot.”
Subaru: “It doesn't require skill to operate. Anyone could do it.”
Subaru: “All you have to do is input the necessary commands at the correct time.”
Subaru: “You're basically just there to draw in customers. There's nothing more to it.”
Four Eyes... You could at least try to be a little thoughtful with how you word things.
He basically just told Junna that she brings nothing to the table and can be easily replaced.
Subaru: “If nothing else,  compared to a cocky guy with a big mouth...”
Is that supposed to be me?
Subaru: “A petite, woodland creature-esque girl would probably attract more spectators”
Akiho: “Subaru! Are you complimenting her or insulting her?!”
Akiho: “Why can't you just say that Jun is suited to be the main operator because she's cute?”
Subaru: “I-I couldn't pawssibwee say that!”
Junna: “...I-I'm sorry.”
Why is Junna apologizing?
Junna: “A-Anyway, personally, I'd like to work with Yashio-kun and do our best, together.”
Junna: “I just don't feel up to the task, so, um...”
Junna: “I think I'll just stick to being the sub...”
Kaito: “Well, if you insist, Jun-chan, I guess I've got no choice.”
And so ends my master plan to push all of the responsibility onto her. Man, Junna really is nothing but earnest, huh.
Akiho: “All right, so Kai remains our main operator with Junna serving as the sub-operator. Nothing has changed.”
Akiho: “Guys, be sure to master both the command inputs and the laser gun emplacement.”
Akiho: “In fact, maybe all of us should learn how to operate both, not just Kai and Jun.”
We should avoid a situation where Model-2 doesn't work because one of us is out for the count.
Nae: “I'm so sorry for being late!”
It's then that Nae-san finally shows up.
She apologetically lowers her head, time and time again.
Nae: “Our meeting lasted longer than I expected.”
Akiho: “A meeting? On a Sunday?”
Nae: “Um, yeah.”
Er, is it just me or is she trying to avoid talking about it?
Nae: “Anyhow, you're starting the test run, right? Harunaka-san will be here soon, so let's get to it!”
Nae: “Go team, gooo!”
Nae-san shoots her fist into the air.
She's just as excited as Akiho is today.
Akiho: “Then, uh, I guess Frau Bow can explain the control scheme next.”
Frau is sitting by the wall. When called, she sluggishly rises to her feet. She looks... a little bit better? Maybe?
Frau: “I-I keep telling you. It's the same as Kill-Ballad, duh.”
Akiho: “We know that, but it's not exactly the same, right?”
Frau: “M-Maybe so, Colonel. But...”
Frau: “H-Here, I'll just pass around the c-command list.”
Frau: “T-This is for you, Yashio-senpai... Duhuhu.”
Frau, keeping her head lowered, sneaks a small piece of paper into my hand.
Why is she pretending this is some kind of secret?
On the piece of paper are five different commands.
“Advance.” “Crab walk.” “90-degree turn.” “Crouch.” “Pose.”
As Subaru mentioned earlier, all of the commands require at least three button inputs.
The controls are annoyingly precise and feel like ones you'd find on a character designed for pro players.
It'll take some practice, but as long as I get the timing down, I should be fine. Should be a piece of cake compared to KB.
The only exception is the “crouch” command. This one requires two inputs.
I quickly memorize the commands and pass the list to Junna.
Akiho: “So, the one that says ‘Pose’ is the performance we'll be doing at the Expo.”
Akiho: “By inputting this command, Model-2 will perform a set of moves in one go.”
Akiho: “It lasts for about 20 seconds.”
Apparently, Junna's mocap performance has already been programmed into the system.
Akiho: “Frau Bow, you're still adjusting the #1 ‘Pulverizer’, right?”
Frau nods.
Akiho: “We're planning on adding one more pose for the performance.”
Akiho: “But we're waiting on Frau Bow to finish making adjustments.”
Akiho: “I intend to keep adding more moves and the like over the course of the Expo.”
Frau: “B-By the way, we don't intend on giving it movable fingers!”
Subaru: “Though it can grab things.”
Kaito: “Sounds useless.”
Subaru: “Let's just say there's room for improvement in future updates.”
Akiho: “Um, remember how I told you all to download the KB System app to your PokeComs the other day? Are we all set there?”
Frau messaged me about it the day before yesterday. I've already downloaded it.
Frau: “I-If you boot that up, you'll connect to Slender Gunvarrel's eyes.”
Subaru: “Slender Gunvarrel?”
Frau: “Yup. The last one was Stumpy Gunvarrel. This one is Slender Gunvarrel.”
Her naming sense leaves something to be desired.
Frau: “O-Oh, and if everybody boots up the KB System around the same time, everyone can connect.”
Frau: “But only the first person to c-connect can take control.”
Frau: “If you want to pass the controls to another person, you just have to l-log out once.”
Frau: “Then the second person who connected will be given c-control.”
Kaito: “Auto-detection?”
Frau: “Exactly. Th-That is indeed correct!”
Despite making endless excuses, Frau really came through for us with an impressive system.
About what I'd expect from our genius programmer.
Kaito: “So, can I move it now?”
Subaru: “Not yet. It's still hanging from the crane.”
Subaru: “Prototype Model-2 can't stand on its own.”
Subaru: “Just like a hobby robot, it needs to be powered on in order for each motor to activate. Only then can it stand.”
When it's not turned on, it doesn't have the necessary power to keep itself standing. Just like a newborn baby.
Without power, the joints in the legs can't withstand its own weight. They'd be crushed flat under it all.
Supplying power gives the robot enough juice to keep itself standing upright.
Electrical power will be supplied to the robot via laser to its parabolic antenna. Said antenna is on Model-2's back.
Its back is currently against the wall, so it can't receive power.
In order to power it up, the Model-2 has to be moved to the center of the building via the ceiling crane.
According to Subaru's explanation, GunBuild-2 executes the “Crouch” command automatically upon shutting down.
He also informs us that whenever we finish operating it, we always have to end it in the “Crouch” state, or else it'll topple over and we'd have problems.
Nae: “All right, let's get to work! I can't wait to see GunBuild-2 in motion!”
Nae-san calls out to us with a huge smile on her face. She might be the most excited person in the room.
