Outside the window, the rain continues to gently fall.
Just looking at the droplets makes me feel like I'm going to burst into tears.
It's been two days since the accident.
Third years don't have to come to school today, but I was called here by the vice principal.
I'm apparently going in for an interview.
I follow Mitchie. Class is in session, leaving the hallways empty and barren.
Mitchie is acting like everything is completely normal.
After spending the entirety of yesterday in my room crying, my face is kind of swollen.
I'm still incredibly sad.
Mitsuhiko: “Excuse us.”
Mitchie knocks on the door to my classroom.
Needless to say, there are no students inside.
Just four adults lying in wait.
One of them is the vice principal.
I expected that. She's the one who called me, after all.
But I'm surprised by the other three faces.
There are two people from JAXA: Dad and Nae-san.
The third person is Mr. Candy.
They're all people who lent a helping hand to the Robotics Club.
Vice Principal Usui: “Senomiya-san, have a seat.”
Akiho: “...”
I do as I'm told.
In front of me is the VP. To the left of her is Nae-san, and to the right is Mr. Candy.
Dad sits to my left.
And Mitchie sits to my right.
Vice Principal Usui: “I've heard everything there is to hear about the accident.”
Vice Principal Usui: “I'm going to be blunt.”
Vice Principal Usui: “The Robotics Research Club is hereby disbanded, effective immediately.”
Mitsuhiko: “Huh? That suddenly?”
Mitsuhiko: “Vice Principal, I can't help but think this is all a bit one-sided. We could at least discuss things with the stu—”
Akiho: “Mitchie, it's fine.”
Mitsuhiko: “...”
Vice Principal Usui: “Hidaka Subaru-kun's father is extremely upset.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Do you understand why?”
Akiho: “Yes.”
I'm obviously not okay with this.
But there's nothing I can say in response to her.
I feel like my head's about to drop even lower.
No, I can't be like this. I focus, straighten up my back, and look the VP straight in the eyes.
This is my responsibility as the club president.
I need to accept what happens to us.
Vice Principal Usui: “Nagafukada-sensei told me about your relationship with JAXA.”
Vice Principal Usui: “However, with the Robotics Research Club disbanded, I'm sorry, but we can no longer accept your assistance.”
Ken'ichiro: “Yes, I understand.”
Nae: “We also deeply regret what happened. We shouldn't have left things to the kids without proper safety administration and supervision.”
Nae: “Our superiors have said that we can't continue to support any further as well...”
Vice Principal Usui: “Naturally, your entry into the Expo will also be withdrawn.”
Vice Principal Usui: “I'm sure the Space Candy Company has no issue with this?”
Sumio: “Grr... It's unfortunate, but it is what it is.”
Vice Principal Usui: “As for the robots built by the Robotics Research Club, they will all be dismantled by contractors. Understood?”
Akiho: “...”
Vice Principal Usui: “Understood?”
Akiho: “...Yes.”
There's a sharp pain deep in my chest.
I tightly clench my hands resting on my knees.
There'll be nothing left.
It'll be like none of it ever existed.
But... Even if I said no...
Nothing would change.
I don't have the right to object.
We did something that can't be undone.
Vice Principal Usui: “Senomiya-san.”
The vice principal glares at me, a fierce expression on her face.
Vice Principal Usui: “When you graduate, you will go on to a proper school and get a proper education.”
Vice Principal Usui: “And once you've gained the right technical skills, you can work on robots again, this time as an engineer.”
Vice Principal Usui: “You kids simply reached for something beyond your own abilities.”
Vice Principal Usui: “But you're still young. You have plenty of time. There's no reason to rush.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Do you understand?”
Akiho: “...Yes.”
Everything she said was right. I can't find any words to respond with. 
In fact, all I can do is nod my head.
