Misaki: “No matter what you do, you'll always be average, Aki.”
That's what Big Sis said to me after she graduated, right when she was leaving the island.
She was right.
I couldn't be like my big sister.
For as long as I can remember, all I could do was chase after her.
I'd happily go on and on about how amazing my Big Sis was while watching her from far away.
My older sister and I have always been a weird pair. The two of us never did anything but watch mecha anime, but that's mostly Dad's fault.
On days off, the two of us would lock ourselves in Dad's study and watch old anime all day long.
On nice days, we'd go out into the yard and roleplay our favorite scenes.
We'd use sticks on the ground as beam sabers.
Misaki: “That's just your ego!”
Akiho: “The earth is finished!”
We were like a couple of young boys.
Misaki: “Let's build a Gunbam together someday, Aki.”
Akiho: “A real Gunbam? Can we make one?”
Misaki: “It's impossible right now, but one day...”
Misaki: “And it doesn't have to be a Gunbam. Just a giant robot.”
Akiho: “Then let's build our own giant robot and have Kai pilot it!”
Misaki: “Hee hee, that's a great idea.”
Misaki: “In that case, we'll have to start training Kai right away!”
But...
Misaki: “I can't follow my dream anymore...”
That's what Big Sis said on the day that the Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Research Association became a club.
It was the first time in my life that I'd heard my older sister sound so weak.
Her entire first year in high school, she worked her butt off in order to make her club a reality. So when that day finally came, why did she say something like that?
I was just an elementary schooler at the time, but... No, even now, I still don't understand how she felt that day.
Perhaps it was that, much like me now, a lot of things happened that made her lose hope.
Misaki: “Hey, Aki... Someday, I hope you can make my dream come true. It'd make me really happy.”
Misaki: “You love robots even more than I do, after all.”
I still remember the look on her face when she said those words to me.
It looked just a little bit lonely.
It looked just a little bit sad.
And it was on that day that my dream was set in stone.
I would fulfill the promise I made with my beloved older sister.
That's why I said it.
Misaki: “No matter what you do, you'll always be average, Aki.”
In response to those words.
Akiho: “You're right, Big Sis.”
Akiho: “But no matter what, I'll still make your dream come true!”
Akiho: “Just wait in Tokyo until then!”
Akiho: “Big... Sis...”
I slowly open my eyes.
In that moment, a single tear falls from the corner of my eye and runs along my temple.
Was I crying...?
I realize right after that I'm in my room and on my bed.
A dream, huh...
Still half-asleep, I rub my eyes.
I slowly sit up.
It's been a while since I last dreamt about my sister...
Man, I really do have a sister complex. I love her way too much.
Not that that's a bad thing.
I'm just a hopeless little sister whose feelings for her distant sibling have gone unrequited for years.
Akiho: “...”
I tightly grip my chest through my pajamas.
I feel a heartrending pain throbbing inside.
Robot figurines and plastic models line the nearby shelves.
Among them, my gaze is naturally drawn toward one plastic model in particular.
The first plastic model I ever got.
A 1/100 Master Grade Model Red Zakku.
Right next to it stands the Gunbam that Big Sis got.
Akiho: “...Hey, Big Sis?”
Akiho: “I'm sorry, but I can't give up after all...”
Akiho: “I want to fulfill the promise I made to you...”
Back then, how could I have known that pursuing a dream could be this painful... this sorrowful... and this unforgivable?
Why does it have to be like this?
Why does nothing ever turn out right for me?
My emotions come welling up to the surface in a confused mess.
I pull my knees close to me and bury my face in them.
