Kimijima Report No. 7.
The final report.
So, this is where he hid it...
There's a small park in Cape Kadokura with a monument commemorating the arrival of firearms on the island. Way in the back is an old gate and an unattended shrine.
There's a viewing platform built for tourists, but there's not much to see, so the foot traffic is low.
Kaito: “This is... the seventh report...”
I didn't think I'd find it today.
Sister Centipede: “Beginning download of Kimijima Report No. 7.”
Kaito: “Ah, wait...! Stop!”
I hurriedly stop Sister Centipede.
Kaito: “I've been meaning to ask you...”
Kaito: “If I unlock the seventh report, the data from the reports will be spread around the world, right?”
That's what was written at the end of Report No. 6.
Report No. 7 is the key to distributing the reports worldwide.
This terrifying info that only I have access to on Tanegashima will be spread all over the world via ‘IRUO.’
Kaito: “How does the timing work? Do the files go out once I download the report? Or does it work differently?”
Sister Centipede: “It's appropriate to assume that it would occur after downloading and opening the file in the application.”
Kaito: “Ah, okay. Got it. Start the download.”
Sister Centipede: “Understood.”
Now, what should I do?
I still haven't really figured that out.
I did lots of pondering over it, but I still haven't found an answer yet.
Kimijima Report No. 7 is in my hands right now.
Is it okay?
Is it really okay to release this stuff to the public?
Like the report said, once the ball starts rolling, there's no stopping it. The info'll take on a life of its own.
Billions of people will read it, and it'll be analyzed from every angle imaginable.
It'd take no time at all for people to figure out that I'm the source.
People around the world hold different values. For every grateful person, there'll be someone who condemns me for the chaos.
If I distribute the files right now, I doubt the Expo will go untouched. We might not get to go.
Kaito: “Aki-chan would be really upset...”
Maybe I should have quit the Robotics Club.
But this is Akiho we're talking about. She'd never accept that.
Crap, I'm going in circles once again.
I'm not even remotely prepared for this right now.
There's too much I'd have to throw away if I released this to the public.
But I'm also not going to come to an answer by just sitting here.
If another solar storm arrived and wide scale terrorism broke out because I took my time, I don't think I could live with the regret...
Kaito: “Hahh, what have you got me into, Kimijima Kou...”
Kaito: “Way to leave me with all the heavy lifting...”
???: “You don't need to worry about a thing.”
Kaito: “...?!”
The sudden voice coming from behind me nearly gave me a heart attack.
I turn around to face the voice.
And appearing from the shade of the trees is the very person I tried to see this morning.
Kaito: “Mizuka-san...”
When did she get there?
The cape hasn't been maintained properly for at least 7-8 years, so the trees are overgrown and full of blind spots.
That's why if she really wanted to hide from me, I never would've noticed her.
But that doesn't matter.
Everything's fine.
How long has she been hiding there, and why...?
It's as though she knew I'd come here.
But that's impossible.
I came here after searching blindly for the last report.
It's pure coincidence that I found the Kimijima Report here.
I might not have even come here today.
So why is Mizuka-san acting like it's obvious that I'd be here?
Or maybe...
She wasn't waiting for me... She was following me?
Mizuka: “Kai, you have to back out of this. Now.”
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Mizuka: “Exactly what I just said. Nothing more, nothing less.”
Mizuka: “Under no circumstances can you come in contact with the reports. They're a curse.”
