It's been a while since I last came to the old airport.
I've been going to the TNSC virtually every day since Model-2's completion, and before that, I was focused solely on finding the Kimijima Reports.
Come to think of it, this might be my first time here this year.
I've been in this chilly warehouse playing Kill-Ballad since this morning.
Thank goodness it's not so cold that my fingers go numb.
This place has no electricity or stove to speak of, so winters are total hell.
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, what time did they say Prototype Model-2 was set to arrive?”
Kaito: “Beats me.”
Subaru and I are the only ones in the hangar.
Today, Model-2 is being removed from the First Osaki Office.
That's why Akiho and Junna went over there this morning.
I'm on standby over here.
Thanks to their efforts, I get to sit here and play KB.
Kaito: “We can go ahead and give Aki-chan a call if you want.”
Subaru: “No, there's no need.”
Subaru: “However, if it gets too late, I'll be going home.”
Kaito: “Are you done editing?”
Subaru: “Not yet.”
Subaru met up with me right after finishing school.
By the way, Frau contacted me earlier. “I don't really have anything to do there today, so I'm locking myself in my base. Cya.”
Subaru: “It's basically a progress report, so we have no real need for theatrics. It just needs a little editing is all.”
Subaru has been staring down at his PokeCom for a while now.
He's working on a video detailing the production process of Model-2 for submission to the Expo committee.
Exhibitors need to submit twice for the Expo. Once two months prior, and once right before. Should any faults arise during inspection, exhibition rights can be withdrawn.
Our video inspection two months ago went by without a hitch.
Though at the time, Model-2 was mostly incomplete.
This is the second submission. If there aren't any problems, we'll be given permission to have an exhibit at the Expo.
We finished filming the day before yesterday, just before we were kicked out of the TNSC.
After some light editing, we'll submit the video. It's about 10 minutes long.
Subaru's in charge of that process.
Kaito: “How does it look? Do you think we'll get disqualified?”
Subaru: “I don't know. This is a first for me, after all.”
Subaru: “But considering Model-2's degree of completion, I don't believe there will be any issues.”
Kaito: “That reminds me, didn't Aki-chan give you some footage? Are you adding that to the video as well?”
Subaru: “Yes.”
Subaru wears an uneasy smile on his face.
Subaru: “Sometimes, I really find myself conflicted on whether our Prez is admirable or just insane.”
Kaito: “Uh-oh. What'd she screw up this time?”
Subaru: “No, nothing quite like that.”
Subaru: “Would you like to take a look?”
I should probably check just to make sure.
Subaru sends me a link to download the footage.
After downloading it, I hit the play button.
Akiho: “Huh? You're filming already?”
Akiho: “Um, ahem.”
Akiho: “I'm Senomiya Akiho, 18-years-old, and president of the Chuo Tanegashima High Robotics Research Club.”
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel! Jakiiin!”
Akiho: “Hehe...”
Akiho: “Well? How was that?”
Subaru: “Could you please say something of actual substance?”
Akiho: “That wasn't good enough?”
Akiho: “Since we made a life-size Gunvarrel, I think its catchphrase is more than enough!”
Subaru: “Take two.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Wait, wait. I'm thinking of what to say.”
Subaru: “Just act normal. If you say anything too crazy, I'm cutting you off.”
Akiho: “Gimme a sec to think at least...”
Akiho: “I know! Give me a topic!”
Subaru: “Fine, then how about your ambitions? What do you hope to accomplish by going to the Expo?”
Akiho: “My ambitions...”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Okay, got it.”
Akiho: “Giant robots are my dream.”
Akiho: “Giant robots are admired by all.”
Akiho: “Giant robots are the heroes of children everywhere.”
Akiho: “Giant robots are the champions of justice.”
Akiho: “I really love giant robots!”
Akiho: “And I'd be super happy if everyone else loved them too!”
Subaru: “...Fine. We'll go with that.”
After the video ends, I look up at Subaru. He simply shrugs at me.
Subaru: “Thanks to the whole Gunvarrel controversy, mecha anime has been on a decline.”
Subaru: “Former fans have distanced themselves from it one after another.”
Subaru: “Yet, despite all of that, our ever so simple-minded Prez can stand proudly and talk about her love for them. How?”
Subaru: “I'm not trying to criticize her, mind you. I just find it strange.”
Kaito: “It's because you've grown far too cynical.”
Subaru: “...My apologies.”
Kaito: “Nah, it's normal to question where that fire of hers comes from.”
Kaito: “First and foremost, it's pretty rare in general for a girl to love mecha anime that much.”
Kaito: “At the end of the day, Aki-chan is just, well, earnest.”
Subaru: “Earnest?”
Kaito: “She hasn't wavered once since she was a little kid. She may be slow, but I respect that about her.”
Kaito: “Even if she is REALLY slow.”
Subaru: “...I'm well aware.”
Subaru: “Earnest, huh? Considering how long you've known her, you must be right.”
Subaru: “You could even rephrase it as commendable, or perhaps a form of naive honesty.”
Subaru: “That being said, I have no idea what her driving force is.”
Kaito: “Oh, c'mon. Isn't it obvious?”
Kaito: “She's chasing after the legacy of her older sister with all her heart and soul.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan has a severe sister complex.”
Subaru: “I'm surprised. I didn't think it'd be that simple.”
Kaito: “Again, that's because you've become far too cynical.”
Subaru: “Y-You really don't have to point that out to me every single time...!”
He must be pretty self conscious considering how defensive he's getting.
Subaru: “Anyway, I understand now. That's why she was so attached to Prototype Model-1.”
Subaru: “Her sister is THE Senomiya Misaki, correct?”
Subaru: “I can't imagine chasing after her legacy would be anything but a path of thorns.”
Kaito: “Sure, if you tried to do it for real.”
Kaito: “But Misa-nee left two things on this island. The Robotics Club and its GunBuild Project.”
Kaito: “The formula is pretty simple. Completing the robot equals catching up to Misa-nee.”
Subaru: “Isn't that just a form of dependence?”
Kaito: “How so?”
Subaru: “Prez seems completely dependent on her sister.”
Subaru: “And not for herself, either. She's doing it all for her sister.”
Subaru: “Isn't that why she's going as far as to sacrifice her own post-graduation plans?”
Subaru: “She's only looking at the ephemeral, which my intuition tells me is utter nonsense.”
Subaru: “Or perhaps that's only because I'm far too cynical.”
Kaito: “What, are you trying to say that she needs to try and stand up on her own two feet?”
Kaito: “Subaru, even you aren't skilled enough to do that.”
Kaito: “That was sarcasm, by the way.”
Subaru: “...”
It's then that I hear a car horn blaring from outside. A trailer swerves onto the airport apron.
I figured Model-2 had finally arrived, but when I go outside to take a look...
Fujita: “Yo.”
Doc hops out of the driver's seat.
Kaito: “You're early, Doc.”
Fujita: “Model-2 still ain't here yet?”
With Model-2 being moved, we'll have to perform our reassembly work here at the hangar.
And so we asked the Robot Doctor here for support.
Kaito: “Wait, didn't you say you were gonna bring a crane with you?”
Like with Model-1, we're planning to use a mobile crane to stand the robot up.
Yet Doc came in a large truck.
There's no crane, but there is something else loaded in the back.
Fujita: “The mobile crane'll be here soon.”
Fujita: “But before that, I wanted to give this to you kids.”
Doc's already wrinkled face wrinkles even further as he points to the truck bed.
Whatever's in there is covered with a sheet.
Subaru: “What is that?”
Fujita: “Monopole motors.”
Kaito: “We already have enough motors. Are they spares?”
Fujita: “What, did the Robotics Club not tell you?”
As I've noted before, he's referring to Akiho in this case.
Fujita: “These are spare motors for Model-2, repurposed from Model-1.”
Subaru: “From Model-1?”
Oh, that's right. Akiho's been chipping away at Model-1 while working on Model-2.
Subaru: “Who covered the cost for these?”
Fujita: “Since they're for Model-1, the Space Candy Company fronted the cash.”
Fujita: “Looks like the president is a tad bitter that JAXA snatched the sponsorship for Model-2. Hehe.”
Subaru: “That's ridiculous. Nonsense, even.”
Subaru: “It's not like the Space Candy Company hasn't been providing funding for Prototype Model-2.”
Subaru: “We even have their logo plastered on the front of the robot.”
Fujita: “I don't know the details. He probably just wanted Model-2 all to himself.”
Fujita: “Either way, the president has been fronting the cash for Model-1.”
Fujita: “Even though last year's activation test was a flop, the Robotics Club somehow managed to convince him to help out.”
Kaito: “Yeah, she's been working on it in her spare time.”
Subaru: “If she's going around ordering monopole motors, I wish she would've consulted us beforehand.”
Fujita: “Ain't nothing to worry about. They're all compatible with Model-2.”
Fujita: “They're motors built with unknown tech, so who knows when they might break down. Y'all need spares.”
Subaru: “...”
Fujita: “Anyhow, c'mon and help me out. We gotta unload these beasts.”
Doc brought six extra motors with him.
You know what, this old dude may very well be more excited about this stuff than Akiho.
Fujita: “By the way, Subaru. I have somewhat of a proposal for you.”
Subaru: “What is that?”
Fujita: “What do you think about pile bunkers?”
Subaru: “...”
Those were the things M45 was equipped with.
They gave me a real hard time back during ROBO-ONE.
Subaru: “Do you intend to equip Model-1 or Model-2 with them?”
Fujita: “Not necessarily.”
Fujita: “It's just, well, in my old age, I've kinda awoken to building giant robot parts.”
Fujita: “Considering the current robot boom and all, who knows when there might be a demand for this stuff?”
Fujita: “Hell, I could even start selling monopole motors. I'd pay you guys a material fee for them, of course.”
Fujita: “Within the next five years, there'll be tournaments like ROBO-ONE, but for giant robots over 10 meters tall, I bet.”
Fujita: “If that happens, there'd be huge demand for shops dealing in giant robot parts for private use.”
Fujita: “The Fujita Tetsuharu Brand could end up writing history for the giant robot industry.”
Fujita: “If that doesn't get you all fired up, you ain't a man!”
It's like he's a totally different person now...
Once an untalkative craftsman.
And now a total mad scientist.
Subaru: “While I agree that pile bunkers would be a dream, I doubt there'd be a demand for such dangerous things.”
Subaru's not buying what Doc's selling.
Fujita: “A dream, eh? Glad to see that some of you young'uns get it.”
Fujita: “Good enough. More than good enough.”
That's the face of someone who totally intends on building them.
It's not a bad thing that he's this energetic, but this might be overdoing it.
What the hell happened to the guy who was on the verge of death only a few months ago?
