Kaito: “Aki-chan!”
Without a soul in sight, the venue looks like a ravaged battlefield.
The rampaging spider HUG stopped a few minutes ago.
And with the sounds of destruction and chaos having faded from the Expo Arena, a deep silence envelops the ruins.
The giant robots that once stood proud in the building have either toppled over or been destroyed.
The colorful signs and booths from the exhibits are covered in dust and grime.
Large pieces of rubble and wreckage from the caved-in ceiling litter the showroom floor.
Akiho: “...”
Collapsed in front of the wreckage of Model-2 and the crushed spider HUG is Akiho. She looks like she's in incredible pain.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, are you okay? Are you hurt?”
Akiho: “...”
Her face is pale.
She's clutching her chest and biting her lip.
Kaito: “Did you have an attack?”
Akiho nods slightly.
A part of me wants to scold her for running too much, but now's not the time for that.
I want to be take care of her right now, but we need to evacuate first.
Who knows when more of the ceiling could collapse?
Kaito: “C'mon, grab on.”
I turn my back to Akiho and crouch down.
Kaito: “I'll carry you.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho obediently but weakly clings to my back.
I make sure I have a firm hold of her before standing up.
Now then. Where's the exit?
Akiho: “Hey... Kai...”
Akiho: “Big Sis... isn't here...”
Akiho: “She disappeared...”
Kaito: “What?”
I glance over at the spider HUG. The cockpit hatch is open.
Misa-nee is nowhere to be found.
Kaito: “...”
I'd love to go looking for her right about now...
But I wipe the idea from my mind and begin walking through the rubble.
Akiho: “And...”
Akiho: “She destroyed GunBuild-2...”
Akiho: “I can't... It hurts too much...”
I saw everything.
The spider HUG rampaged its way through the venue, sparing nothing in its path.
Akiho booted up Model-2 in an attempt to stop it, but she was easily taken out.
Misa-nee destroyed the Robotics Club's robot. Akiho's robot.
She showed no hesitation, nor a shred of mercy.
I never would have thought Misa-nee would be capable of something like this.
The Misa-nee I know loved robots more than anyone. More than me, more than even Akiho.
But I don't have the time to think about that right now.
I'm finally able to exit the Expo Arena with Akiho on my back.
Outside, the large number of people who evacuated have worried looks on their faces.
It's a pretty huge crowd.
I can hear the sirens of ambulances and fire engines in the distance.
Looks like there are quite a few people injured.
I can see people all over the place that are bleeding; some are sitting down, others are lying on the ground.
But more importantly...
Something is off.
But what?
Wait...
Everyone is looking up at the sky, as if they were all struck with the same idea.
Kaito: “The sky...?”
Don't tell me a solar storm is coming?!
Wait, that's not something you can see with the naked eye.
I set Akiho down and look up toward the sky, following everyone else's gaze.
What I find is something beyond my wildest imagination.
Kaito: “What... is that...?”
It's a building I've never seen before.
Actually, I hesitate to even call it that. It's some kind of enormous... pillar? Maybe a tower?
The thing just suddenly appeared over the ocean in Odaiba. It's gotta be at least a few hundred meters in diameter.
I've never seen something this gigantic before.
It stretches far up into the sky—so far that I can't see the top. Hell, it might even reach space.
Isn't this just like... a space elevator...?
The thought of it crashing down to the ground comes to mind, which is enough to send a shiver down my spine.
I recognize the strange design at the base of the pillar.
Kaito: “I saw that... in the final episode of Gunvarrel...”
The bits and pieces that got leaked on the internet.
Among the scenes, I remember there being a similar gigantic pillar.
Akiho: “The Grand... Obelisk...”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Akiho: “It's the Grand Obelisk...”
Akiho is looking up in awe at the pillar piercing the heavens.
Akiho: “It's exactly the same as the one from the final episode of Gunvarrel...”
Kaito: “That wasn't there yesterday, was it?”
Akiho weakly shakes her head from side to side.
Akiho: “Of course not... It's the space elevator from the anime...”
Akiho: “We could never build... something like that with our current tech. Maybe in the near future, but not now...”
Kaito: “Then how exactly did it get there?”
How was it built?
Or are you saying it fell from the sky?
Did aliens or something drop it down into Tokyo Bay?
I checked the news 30 minutes ago, but there was nothing about any pillars...
How could so many incomprehensible things have happened in the short time since we saw Misa-nee...? I'm gonna lose my mind...!
Kaito: “Hey, Aki-chan...”
Kaito: “What happens in the final episode of Gunvarrel again?”
I'm sure it's hard for her to talk after getting an attack.
But I can't help but ask...
Akiho: “The space elevator... The Grand Obelisk shoots the sun...”
She explains, and her face begins to go pale as she realizes the correlation between what she's saying and reality.
Akiho: “Earth is burnt to ash by a massive solar flare, and the enemy is destroyed... along with everything else...”
Kaito: “Project... Atum...”
Kaito: “...!”
The crowd begins to stir.
The Grand Obelisk starts shining ominously.
On the surface, countless hieroglyphs pulsate, disappearing and reappearing.
The giant pillar almost feels like a living being of some kind.
An ice-cold chill runs down my spine.
Kaito: “No...”
Kaito: “Is it actually going to shoot?”
A strange sound begins to ring out around us.
It's similar to the sound of the ground rumbling.
Yet the earth is completely still, and it shows no sign of rumbling to life.
It's not an earthquake.
Then is the Grand Obelisk itself making the air itself shake?
The pillar begins to shine even more strongly.
Right away, I pull Akiho close to me and shield her behind me.
The warnings in the Kimijima Reports.
The leaked final episode of Gunvarrel.
Is it all coming true...?!
Is this what Project Atum is?!
In front of the eyes of tens of thousands of witnesses...
The pillar stretching up into space...
Bursts with a flash so bright it can't be looked at directly...
And the sky explodes into a rainbow of colors.
