Female Announcer: “Hello everyone! I'm coming to you live from the Expo Arena in Odaiba, Tokyo.”
Female Announcer: “It's now the fifth day since the grand opening, and despite it being a weekday, the Tokyo Expo is totally packed.”
Female Announcer: “At the Odaiba venue, also known as the Giant Robot Festival, I'm happy to introduce a high school talent.”
Female Announcer: “The club president of the Tanegashima Robotics Club, Senomiya Akiho-san!”
Akiho: “H-Hello! It's nice to meet you!”
The pretty reporter points her mic at Akiho, who stiffens up immediately.
...Is she going to be able to answer her questions?
I'm watching from a distance, and quite frankly? I'm worried.
This is a live broadcast. It could be shown on Tanegashima right now.
Female Announcer: “The Tanegashima Robotics Club entered as a general exhibitor, and they're the only high schoolers here. Amazing!”
Female Announcer: “Senomiya-san, what made you decide to build a giant robot?”
Akiho: “It's always been my dream to become a robot!”
Calm down.
Female Announcer: “I-I see...”
Female Announcer: “Is robot development a big thing on Tanegashima? I know it's famous for space exploration.”
Akiho: “It's... not at all. We got laughed at a lot for our work. There are only two of us left in the club now.”
Akiho: “But we had lots of people who helped! I think Japanese people truly love robots!”
Female Announcer: “Interesting. It's been five days since the Tokyo Expo started. What do you think so far?”
Akiho: “We're just getting started! W-We're going to win the Grand Prix!”
Female Announcer: “Wow, that's a very bold declaration! I'm certainly looking forward to seeing how this plays out.”
Female Announcer: “Now, your older sister is THE Senomiya Misaki of the Exoskeleton Company, currently huge with the media, right?”
Female Announcer: “Senomiya Misaki-san is set to hold a demonstration at this venue today, but—”
Akiho: “Huh?”
That was the first time Akiho and I had heard anything about that.
Akiho flashes me a puzzled look.
I don't have an answer for her.
I only just heard it myself, so I'm just as surprised.
Female Announcer: “What kind of person is your older sister to you, Akiho-san?”
Akiho: “She's going to be here today?!”
Female Announcer: “Y-Yes. That's what was written in the press release.”
Akiho: “Big Sis is... coming here...”
Female Announcer: “Yes, that's right. Um... Well...”
The reporter glances over at the man who seems to be her director, and then looks back to the camera.
Female Announcer: “How exciting, right? Maybe we could see the two of you perform together!”
Female Announcer: “Anyway, after a brief commercial break, we'll be introducing giant robots from various countries around the world!”
One of the assistants yells, “Entering commercial break!” The reporter's smile morphs into an expression of relief.
Female Announcer: “Hahh, that really surprised me... Looks like things kinda got out of hand, huh?”
Female Announcer: “I'm sorry for surprising you like that. Did you not know your sister was going to be here?”
Akiho: “I didn't...”
Female Announcer: “Hmm, the plan was to introduce the Tanegashima Robotics Club's robot, but...”
The reporter and director draw close to each other and quietly discuss something.
Their conversation ends quickly, and the reporter offers Akiho a smile and a handshake.
Female Announcer: “Anyhow, we really appreciate your cooperation, Senomiya-san.”
Female Announcer: “That'll be all for the interview. Thanks for your time.”
She forces a smile, and like an adult, offers a word of gratitude before trying to head to the next interview.
Akiho: “U-Um!”
Akiho: “My sister... Senomiya Misaki... Do you know when she'll be here?”
Female Announcer: “Hmm... I believe I heard she'd be here around two.”
Akiho: “Two... okay, got it! Thank you so much!”
In the end, the reporter flashes her a smile and dashes off to the next booth with her people.
She was pretty nice.
Akiho: “Kai... She said Big Sis is coming!”
Akiho's expression is even more tense than it was during the interview.
Kaito: “Yeah. I felt like the arena was more crowded than usual. Now I know why.”
Akiho: “D-Do you think we'll get to see her with all these people here?”
Kaito: “We know where she's going. The ExCo booth.”
Kaito: “If she's not gonna come to us, we'll go to her.”
Kaito: “We've been forced to chase after her all this time...”
Kaito: “But now we'll be the ones waiting for her.”
We won't be able to have a leisurely conversation here.
But we just need to meet up with her.
If we do that, all the misunderstandings from constantly missing each other will be cleared up. At least... I hope so.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho is still tense, so I put my hands on her cheeks and jostle them around.
Akiho: “Uooh, what're you?!”
Kaito: “You're just going to see your sister, aren't you? Why are you so nervous?”
Akiho: “Because...”
Akiho: “I didn't think I'd get to see her today...”
Akiho: “Agggh! I'm not ready for this...!”
Could she be any more of a handful?
Kaito: “Look, this is our only chance to make a comeback. We absolutely can't afford to run away. You hear me?”
Akiho: “I-I know...”
Today's going to be a crazy one.
I look at my wristwatch.
February 26, 2020, 11:14 a.m.
Misa-nee is scheduled to appear in less than three hours.
