Mitsuhiko: “This is where you guys'll be staying for now.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “...”
That night, after going out for tasty yakiniku with Mr. Candy, Mitchie brought us here.
It's a super high-class hotel right in front of Odaiba Station, and just a stone's throw from the Expo Arena.
After checking in at the front desk, Mitchie puffs up his chest with pride at us.
Mitsuhiko: “What's with the dumb look on your faces? I worked real hard to book you a hotel this time.”
Mitsuhiko: “All that complaining during ROBO-ONE deeply wounded your poor old Sensei. That's a pro tip.”
Kaito: “Since when were you the delicate type, Mitchie?”
Akiho: “I mean, yeah, this place is amazing... But isn't it kinda expensive?”
Akiho: “Are we really gonna be able to stay here for half a year?”
Mitsuhiko: “Whoa, whoa, cool your jets! Living in a hotel for half a year? You guys think you're celebrities or something?”
Mitsuhiko: “I booked this place for two weeks.”
Two weeks in this place, huh...
Mitsuhiko: “That alone ran close to 500k yen. You hear me?!”
Akiho: “Wha... But hotels on the island only cost like 5000 yen a night...!”
Mitsuhiko: “And for the record, the money came from my wallet, so be grateful.”
Kaito: “Oh, please. You mean it came from Mr. Candy's wallet, right?”
Mitsuhiko: “Wh-Who knows...”
Akiho: “If we had 500,000 yen to spare, we could've booked a cheaper place for way longer.”
Akiho: “Staying at a place this hoity-toity is gonna make me feel anything but relaxed...”
Kaito: “And what're we gonna do after two weeks?”
Mitsuhiko: “After? We've got that covered, too. Listen well, kiddos.”
Mitsuhiko: “It's all about networking.”
Mitsuhiko: “There are lots of Robotics Club OG's livin' in Tokyo.”
Mitsuhiko: “Folks like Big Senomiya, and even the folks that came after me, like Miyata and Yanagimoto.”
We've never met anyone named Miyata or Yanagimoto...
Mitsuhiko: “So when we're passin' by, we'll just kick the doors in!”
I was a fool for having hope...
Kaito: “So you're saying you did zero planning. So much for having us covered...”
Mitsuhiko: “Worry not, children! I'll do the negotiating for that kinda stuff.”
Which means he hasn't even started.
Akiho: “I'm gonna try and see Big Sis tomorrow.”
Akiho: “I'll ask if she'll let us stay when I do.”
Mitsuhiko: “All right, that's what I like to hear. Then I'll leave her to you. I'll work on the others.”
Mitsuhiko: “Anyway, here.”
He hands me the room key.
Mitsuhiko: “I might not be back for a while, but I'll definitely be back in time for the opening day of the Expo.”
Kaito: “Wait, where are you going?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Adults have adult things to do. That's a tip.”
Mitsuhiko: “But my uncle and the other workers'll be there, so it won't be an issue.”
Mitsuhiko: “Anyway, rest up!”
Akiho: “Ah, Mitchie! Wait—”
Mitchie waves his hand and exits the lobby without listening to Akiho's attempt to stop him.
Akiho: “I-I can't believe this!”
Akiho: “When Subaru had his accident, he was all sorry for not keeping an eye on us. He even got down on the ground...!”
Akiho: “But nothing's changed at all!”
Yup, that sums it up pretty well. He hasn't learned his lesson at all.
Kaito: “I wonder how serious he is about negotiating with the old members.”
Kaito: “I wouldn't be surprised if he just took a nice tour around Tokyo.”
Akiho: “Hahh... He really is unreliable.”
Akiho: “But at least we're not out on the street like before.”
Akiho: “I've always kinda wanted to stay at a big city hotel like this.”
Akiho: “I'm grateful to Mitchie for that, at least.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “Huh? What's wrong, Kai? You look like you just ate something sour.”
Kaito: “...Aki-chan, I'm sorry for spoiling your excitement and all, but I just realized something.”
I hold up the room key at eye level.
Kaito: “Mitchie only gave us one key.”
Akiho: “...What's your point?”
Kaito: “It looks like he... only booked one room...”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Whaaat?!”
The moment I enter the room, I'm overwhelmed by the utter extravagance.
And this is supposed to be the cheapest room at this hotel? Tokyo is terrifying...
What kind of gold are the suites dipped in?
Anyway, after taking a look around the room, both of our eyes are naturally drawn to the same place.
Akiho: “Kai! There's only one bed!”
Kaito: “This is a double bed, right? It's made for two people.”
Akiho: “I-I see...”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “...”
Ergh... This awkward silence is brutal...
I look out the window.
In the dark, it looks like the Expo Arena is floating. The light spilling out into the night paints the vivid picture of busy engineers hard at work inside the venue.
Akiho: “I'm okay... with it.”
Kaito: “Hm?”
Akiho: “I'm okay with it. What about you, Kai?”
Kaito: “Yeah, no problem on my end.”
We've been together since forever.
There's nothing all that weird about sleeping in the same bed together, especially after all this time.
Akiho: “That's a relief...”
Akiho glances at me bashfully, then dives onto the bed.
Akiho: “Hiyah!”
Akiho: “Whew... This bed is so nice... It's so soft...”
As she's saying this, she flops over onto her back with her arms and legs sprawled out.
Akiho: “Give it a try, Kai.”
Kaito: “Might as well.”
I quietly lie down next to Akiho.
Kaito: “Yeah, it really is soft. It's so comfy that it's actually freaking me out.”
Akiho: “Right?”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “...”
The room is quiet.
There's a highway running right next to the hotel, but thanks to the impressive soundproofing, I can't hear a thing.
Which means the only thing audible is the sound of our breathing.
It almost feels like we're the only ones in the entire world.
There's no place on the island that's this quiet.
And it's not like it's super loud there with cars, planes, and people, because it's not.
Instead, it's the constant sounds of nature. The sound of the wind blowing, trees rustling, and insects chirping.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai?”
Kaito: “Hm?”
Akiho: “Do you think everyone back on the island is mad at us?”
Akiho: “I bet they're all furious about us taking GunBuild-2 to Tokyo on our own...”
Kaito: “Sure, but didn't you say you didn't care? That you were willing to risk it?”
Akiho: “I guess...”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “We've come really, really far...”
Kaito: “We need to hurry and find where we're staying next. We can't rely on Mitchie.”
Akiho: “Hehe. You're right.”
Akiho: “I wonder if we'll be able to see Big Sis tomorrow...”
The plan is to drop by her place.
We made that decision before coming out here.
We left some voicemails and texted her a few times too.
But in the end, she never got back to either of us.
Kaito: “If we do, how many years will that have been for you?”
Akiho: “...Seven.”
Kaito: “I see.”
They were so close when she was still on the island. What happened?
Akiho: “I really want to see her already...”
Akiho: “I want to tell her all about how far I've come.”
Akiho: “How you and I were helped along by so many people, and how we got here.”
Kaito: “Yeah.”
That'd be one hell of a heartwarming sight.
Even way back in the day, seeing the two of them always put a smile on my face.
However...
I have more serious business with Misa-nee.
Something that I doubt Akiho would appreciate very much.
Even then, I don't like the thought of ruining Akiho's smile.
