Nearly 40 minutes have passed since rewiring on the parabolic antenna began.
Repairs aren't going well. Akiho is the only person who can fix it, and she's not as skilled as Subaru or Doc.
Sumio: “...And you call yourselves men. You're just sitting here watching Akiho-chan work.”
Mr. Candy frowns and sighs.
Mitsuhiko: “Right back at you, Uncle.”
Sumio: “Grr...”
The president and Mitchie do nothing but stand there and stare blankly, watching Akiho work from below.
Mitsuhiko: “Little Senomiya! We can see your panties!”
Akiho: “No you can't! I'm wearing a culotte skirt for that exact reason!”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, Little Senomiya. This is a pro tip. Culotte skirts have wide cuffs. At the right angle, you can see inside.”
Akiho: “You're such a pervert! You dumb jerk!”
Oh come on, Mitchie. If you're just going to bother her, you might as well make yourself useful and hand out booklets to the people walking around.
What am I doing? Moving the Honorary Prez around in an attempt to draw people to our booth.
But at the end of the day, it's just a hobby robot. Guests are here to see giant robots.
There are less and less people passing by, too.
We've literally been the object of ridicule for the entire time.
It feels like it's been ages since we started.
If this is what we gotta deal with on the first day, the next half year is gonna be a real struggle.
Uuugh, I want to go home...
...Or at least play some Kill-Ballad.
???: “Hey!”
Kaito: “Hrm?”
From out of nowhere...
A young guy I've never seen before runs up and kicks the Honorary Prez like a soccer ball.
Kaito: “H-Hey! What the hell's your—”
But before I can finish yelling at him, the guy has moved on to his next course of action.
He holds up a plastic bottle of mineral water and flings it at Model-2.
The robot is over five meters away from me and the guest.
The plastic bottle flies in a wide arc toward Akiho working on top of the stepladder.
Kaito: “Look out!”
Akiho: “Huh?”
The plastic bottle hits Akiho, causing her to lose balance on the stepladder.
She swings her hands around, trying to grab at the air.
But ultimately ends up falling.
Kaito: “Aki-chan!”
I rush over in a panic.
Akiho: “Oww...”
Kaito: “Are you alright?!”
Akiho: “Yeah, somehow...”
Mitsuhiko: “Urgh...”
Upon closer inspection, Mitchie is pinned beneath Akiho.
I guess he tried to catch her.
Kaito: “Hell yeah, Mitchie! You're the best!”
Mitsuhiko: “Oi, you're heavy! Hurry up and get off of me...!”
Akiho: “Ah, sorry!”
Akiho hurriedly stands up.
She doesn't seem to have any major injuries.
Kaito: “Did you hit your head or anything?”
Akiho: “Nope, I'm fine. Thanks for protecting me, Mitchie.”
Mitsuhiko: “Don't forget, I AM a P.E. teacher. That's a tip.”
That's not really a tip...
Sumio: “Heeeeey! Who threw that plastic bottle just now?!”
Mr. Candy's outraged voice echoes loudly throughout the area.
The culprit flinches a little before angrily shouting back.
Man Who Threw a Plastic Bottle: “I-It's your fault for building a robot modeled after Gunvarrel!”
Man Who Threw a Plastic Bottle: “It's messed up! A bunch of the people who made that anime died!”
Man Who Threw a Plastic Bottle: “Don't bring a robot from that awful show to the Expo! Piss off and die!”
The culprit says his piece, then rushes off.
It's impossible to chase him after he slips into the crowd.
Kaito: “That's kinda sad... I didn't think people hated Gunvarrel this much.”
It was only half a year ago that it was hailed as a masterpiece.
Akiho: “The robot isn't at fault...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan...”
Akiho: “Oh, sorry for making you worry! I'm almost done with the wiring!”
Akiho: “I'll finish it right away!”
Kaito: “Are you really okay?”
Akiho: “I swear, I am. Mitchie saved my butt.”
Akiho: “So... let's get this guy moving.”
Akiho: “It doesn't matter how much people hate Gunvarrel. We worked hard to make him.”
Akiho: “No matter what people say, we gotta hold our heads high and move him with pride.”
Akiho: “‘That person’ once said:”
Akiho: “‘It seems some energy has been released from a misguided mind.’”
I don't really get what she's trying to say.
Akiho energetically climbs back up the ladder, breathing heavily out her nose.
Akiho: “Oh, go grab TanegashiMachine 3, Kai.”
Oh! Yeah, I should do that.
The poor Honorary Prez rolled to the edge of the booth after getting punted.
One of its arms came off, too.
Geez, how much of a dick do you have to be to do something like that...?
I'll have Akiho fix it later.
I pick up the Honorary Prez and neatly put him away in his special case.
And just as I finish, Akiho waves at me from the stepladder.
Akiho: “It's done!”
She's totally defenseless and barely balanced.
Don't blame me if you get another bottle thrown at you. This girl's hopeless...
Kaito: “Aki-chan, just get down.”
Akiho climbs down and shoots me a small nod.
Akiho: “Let's get ready to boot him up!”
I nod in response and open up the Kill-Ballad System app.
I have control.
Akiho shoves the compact transmission gun into Mitchie's hands and goes to start the power generator.
Sumio: “Aaaaall right! We're gonna blast away any remaining adversity! Let's show them some real impact!”
Sumio: “Rise! Space Candy Robot!”
Akiho: “No, no! It's Gunvarrel Model-2!”
Sumio: “Gahaha! Don't sweat the details!”
Akiho: “Mitchie, start transmitting power!”
Mitsuhiko: “Why me...?”
Despite his complaining, Mitchie aims the transmission gun at the parabolic antenna and pulls the trigger.
The laser fires from the end of the gun.
Akiho: “Kai, boot up GunBuild-2!”
Kaito: “Got it.”
I switch the power on.
All the joints in Model-2 begin to creak alive.
A video feed of the inside of the venue appears on my PokeCom screen.
I can see the other robots too.
Akiho: “It's moving!”
Akiho: “Um, the output is...”
Akiho checks the telemetry on her own PokeCom.
Frau gave her the software.
Akiho: “Output is normal!”
Akiho: “Hahh, that's a relief...”
After completing her task, Akiho rubs her eyes with the back of her hand.
Then, after taking a big breath, she slaps both hands against her cheeks.
Akiho: “I'm getting super ultra fired up right now...!”
Akiho: “The time has come for us to show how cool and strong Gunvarrel really is!”
Kaito: “I'm not sure strong is a word I'd use to describe it...”
Akiho: “Wha? For real? Oh well, that doesn't matter too much.”
Akiho: “Anyway, let's hurry and get it standing!”
Kaito: “Roger roger.”
Akiho: “All right. Everyone, stand back!”
We distance ourselves from Model-2 and scatter to the edges of the booth.
After putting some distance between me and the robot, I input the crouch command.
If it's standing, this command gets it to crouch. If it's already crouching, it stands up.
All right. Do as you're told, buddy.
Model-2 keeps its balance, extends its knees, and slowly stands upright.
The view on my PokeCom expands.
The arena is totally packed with people.
I can also clearly see over 10 other robots mid-performance.
Sumio: “Whoa! Now that's what I call impact!”
Sumio: “Kaito-kun, the chest! Emphasize the chest! Specifically, my logo!”
Kaito: “There's no motion for that...”
I wish he wouldn't ask the impossible of me.
Akiho: “Mitchie, keep giving him power!”
Akiho then picks up a mic, jumps up onto the platform, and starts talking to the guests walking by in the aisle.
Akiho: “Ojarimouseeee! The Tanegashima Robotics Club will now begin its performance!”
Akiho: “Yes, it's true that it's kind of bad timing to use Gunvarrel as the model for a large robot!”
Akiho: “But we still love Gunvarrel, even now!”
Akiho: “If you feel the same way we do, please watch our performance!”
Akiho: “Also, if you take a look at our robot through ‘IRUO.’, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised!”
Akiho then clears her throat and pauses for a moment.
Akiho: “Um, so first, let me explain what the GunBuild Project actually is.”
Akiho: “It's the name that the founding members of our Robotics Club originally gave this project roughly nine years ago.”
Akiho: “It was originally called the Let's Build a Life-size Gunbam Project.”
Akiho: “But it was soon decided that the robot would be designed after Gunvarrel since it was airing at the time.”
Akiho: “It became the Let's Build a Life-size Gunvarrel Project! instead.”
Akiho: “Standing before you is the life-size Gunvarrel Model-2.”
Akiho: “It was a long and hard journey to completion. We started as a humble student association, with only a—”
Kaito: “Aki-chan! Cut it short!”
Two guests had stopped to watch Akiho when she got up on the platform, but they quickly left after getting bored.
Kaito: “Let's hurry up and get this thing moving!”
Akiho: “Whaaat? But it'll have more impact after telling our tale of love and courage and glory.”
Kaito: “No, it won't. It really won't.”
Sumio: “Mm. I'm not feeling any impact at all, Akiho-chan.”
And what does she even mean by tale of love and courage and glory? That sounds so corny.
After looking dejected for a moment, Akiho quickly regains her composure.
Akiho: “If it's a performance you want, it's a performance you'll get.”
Akiho: “All right... Ahem.”
Akiho holds up the mic again.
She poses exaggeratedly like Mr. Pleiades would, then shouts orders at Model-2.
Akiho: “GunBuild-2, advance!”
So, that's how we're doing this? Got it.
After receiving Akiho's instructions, I quickly input the advance command.
Model-2 walks forward.
To the guests, it should look like the robot followed Akiho's orders.
Well, if there was an audience, that is.
Akiho: “Next, GunBuild-2, turn 90 degrees!”
Akiho: “Crab-walk!”
Despite taking it apart and reassembling it, GunBuild-2 moves smoothly, just like it did when we tested it on the island.
The electric motor gears are loud, making it significantly noisier than the hydraulic motors in the other robots.
But that actually has the effect of making our robot sound more powerful.
And indoors, the effect is markedly increased.
People slowly begin to gather in front of our booth, likely drawn by the loud noises.
I figured people would stop to look once our robot got moving.
Child Customer: “Daddy, look! That robot's super lame!”
Male Customer: “Right? Want to go look at the Runault Company's robot again?”
Hey, c'mon now...
Talk about cutthroat honesty...
Akiho: “All right, to the kid over there who said it's lame!”
Akiho starts talking directly to the little kid.
Uh, should she really be doing that...?
Maybe I should stop her.
I look to Mitchie for help, but our no-good teacher has his hands full just holding the transmission gun.
Akiho: “Take a look at GunBuild-2 through ‘IRUO.’! Just give it a try!”
Akiho: “The real Gunvarrel's right there!”
Male Customer: “Gunvarrel is a bad influence on our children. I can't let my son see that.”
Akiho: “...”
Child Customer: “Wow! She's right! Gunvarrel is there! That's so cool!”
The father refuses, but the little boy pulls out his PokeCom, takes a look, and starts cheering.
Male Customer: “Hey, Takashi!”
Child Customer: “But Daddy, it's really cool. It's actually Gunvarrel! And it's moving around!”
This is the first positive reaction we've gotten from the audience all day.
Akiho: “GunBuild-2! Transition from ‘Gekisai Dai Ichi’ into ‘Blast of Spirit’!”
According to Akiho, these are Model-2's ultimate moves, both of which are special motions programmed into the robot.
She wants me to link them into a super combo?
I guess she's not holding any cards back.
Akiho's totally on cloud nine.
Kaito: “Sure, why not?”
The only person in the crowd enjoying himself is a little boy.
But regardless, he's our first real guest we've gotten on our six month journey.
So, while he may only be one person, I want to make sure he goes home satisfied.
The special motions require more inputs than the basic ones, so the timing is a lot harsher.
Up until the very end, Junna was never able to do it.
But she's an amateur. I'm a different story.
I'm the man ranked second place in the world at Kill-Ballad.
I can do command inputs like this with my eyes closed.
No biggie.
I rapidly tap the buttons.
After receiving the command, Model-2 begins to move.
It's not just walking.
Gekisai Dai Ichi is a karate kata that Junna's been performing since she was a child.
All we cut from the kata were the kicks.
Model-2 turns to the left defensively, then transitions into a front thrusting punch.
It then turns to the right and repeats the motion.
After omitting the kick, it performs an elbow strike, then a sweep, then another front punch.
It follows those motions up with two left and right punches.
This entire sequence of movements is registered to a single command.
Even the ‘zanshin’ stance—while slightly awkward—is reproduced faithfully.
It's apparently a fairly basic kata, but it's super impactful when a giant robot performs it.
The punches in particular have a lot of force behind them, leading the boy in the audience to cheer in excitement.
Once I've input a command, I can relax until it's time for the next one, so I take a moment.
I look over at the father and son.
The father who'd been so negative about Gunvarrel is now looking at Model-2 with his son, eyes glimmering.
He kind of reminds me of Akiho's old man.
The same guy who had his two daughters inherit his love for robots and mecha anime.
In a way, he's the reason that Model-2 exists at all.
Some adults never stop loving mecha anime, no matter how old they get.
Seeing this father and son follow the robot's movements together is honestly pretty heartwarming. I can't help but smile.
It's funny. I was so annoyed at how that dude threw the bottle earlier and made fun of our work.
But now?
Well, right now, I genuinely just want these two to enjoy themselves.
Gekisai Dai Ichi is almost over, so I input the ‘Blast of Spirit’ command after watching my timing.
This is Model-2's most impressive move.
In the anime, the protagonist's Gunvarrel sorties and then does its signature pose right in front of the enemy.
This motion basically represents all of Gunvarrel.
Akiho pushed hard to get this programmed into Model-2, saying that ‘ANYONE would absolutely get fired up!’ after seeing it.
Akiho: “Storm and surge!”
Akiho shouts into the mic as Model-2 moves along. She even copies its poses.
Akiho: “Blast of spirit!”
Akiho's movements are totally synchronized with Model-2.
Akiho: “Gunvarrel!”
But she's not the only one.
Both the father and son are posing as well.
Akiho: “Jakiiin!”
Model-2's special motion comes to an end, accompanied by Akiho's cry.
Our first real guests take a commemorative photo afterward.
They grab a copy of the production journal and leave with smiles as we wave and see them off.
Akiho: “Kai, we did it♪”
Akiho comes running over to me with a big smile and goes for the high five.
I grin and respond in kind.
We're still not getting many visitors.
We're on the edge of the venue, so most guests end up going to the major centerpiece exhibits.
I'd say out of the 100,000 Expo visitors, we got about 500 guests who dropped by to take a look at Model-2.
But you know what? The Expo has only just begun.
We just gotta keep moving forward, one person at a time.
We knew from the start that we wouldn't be able to win against the high budget robots from the major companies.
That's why we just have to slowly and steadily crawl our way up the ranks.
I mean, winning the Grand Prix might be a little difficult.
But the fact that we're standing here at all is a miracle in and of itself.
