I hear a sound.
It's the sound of rain. Was that on the forecast?
In that case, I've gotta go to school by bus, so I have to leave earlier than usual and meet Akiho at the stop.
Wait... my bed is crazy soft. Was it always this comfy?
My alarm clock hasn't rung. What time is it...?
Kaito: “Uugh...”
When I open my eyes, I'm greeted by an unfamiliar ceiling.
Oh, right.
This isn't Tanegashima. It's a hotel room in Tokyo.
I finally remember the situation I'm in.
I don't have to go to school.
Thank God.
I close my eyes to go back to sleep...
Then open them back up almost immediately.
Akiho should be sleeping next to me, but she's nowhere to be found.
Also, despite sounds of rain, there's sunlight pouring in through the window.
Kaito: “...”
Oh, Akiho must be taking a shower.
It's seven in the morning according to the clock.
She's sure up early. Must be excited.
I close my eyes and listen to the sounds of the shower.
My brain still isn't fully awake yet.
I could probably sleep for another hour.
Then I'll take a shower myself.
A nice, hot shower.
...
...
Akiho: “Kai?”
Akiho: “Hellooooo?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Gunval Grand Tackle!”
Kaito: “Guuh!”
Something crashes on top of my body, knocking the wind out of me.
I open my eyes to find Akiho on top of me.
When our eyes meet, she gives me a satisfied smile.
Akiho: “Hehe, g'morning.”
Kaito: “G'morning... Mind getting off? You're heavy.”
I sluggishly force myself up after she frees me.
Kaito: “Geez, what's your deal...?”
Akiho: “It's your fault for being so conked out.”
Akiho: “I tried doing all kinds of things, but you wouldn't wake up.”
Kaito: “Hoooold up, what exactly did you do?”
Akiho: “The same as usual.”
Akiho: “I poked your cheeks...”
Akiho: “Ruffled up your hair...”
Akiho: “I even tried pinching your nose.”
Can't she just let a poor guy sleep in peace?
Kaito: “Could you not treat me like the ZIONG in your house?”
ZIONG is the name of a big cushion in Akiho's room.
I have some questions about her naming sense, but whatever. She seems to really like it.
I still don't know exactly what it is. All I know is that its a white cushion with a weird face drawn on it.
Akiho: “Anyway, time to get up.”
Akiho: “Go take a shower so we can grab breakfast.”
Akiho: “We're gonna go see Big Sis today, so I need you looking your best.”
Kaito: “Yeah, yeah.”
My best, eh?
...Yeah, she's definitely excited.
But the more hopeful you are, the more painful the disappointment is when things go sour.
I take a look at my PokeCom.
There's still no response from Misa-nee.
