Akiho: “Odaiba! I have returned!”
It's early in the morning here in Odaiba, and Akiho is already screaming her lungs out.
She's hit peak energy levels, like her drowsiness from earlier was just an act.
Well, a lot happened in the last month. I get how she feels.
Subaru's accident. Mizuka-san's death. The destruction of the Robotics Club.
But despite all of that, she dove headfirst back into repairing Model-2, all so she could see her dream through to the end.
The VP was enraged every time she ran into Akiho.
The other students at school would talk crap about her behind her back.
Akiho knew this'd happen. She knew she was being selfish—she said so herself—but saw things through anyway.
And she just barely made it in time for the Expo.
But if this is her level of energy after getting to Tokyo, she's not gonna last very long.
Akiho's cry from the soul draws the looks of people nearby.
It's still early, but there are already lots of businessmen and office workers heading to work on foot.
They all give Akiho irritated looks before hastily walking away.
They seem to be on edge.
Is it because today's a weekday?
I guess from the perspective of all these workers, some country bumpkin yelling at the top of her lungs in middle of the morning would be pretty annoying.
If I was in their position, I'd be annoyed too.
Akiho: “Look, look! The whole area is all decorated for the Expo!”
Akiho doesn't seem to notice the irritation in the air around her. With a light step, she heads toward the Expo Arena.
Akiho: “This is just like when we came for ROBO-ONE last year!”
She's right. Expo ads and posters color the entire city.
However, even though the Expo is supposed to be an even bigger event than ROBO-ONE, it doesn't carry nearly the same dazzling, festival-esque atmosphere as ROBO-ONE's.  
The train station is closed down on top of that.
Akiho: “Due to maintenance, all lines are halted until February 21st.”
Akiho: “That's what ‘IRUO.’ says.”
Ah, it's an AR annotation.
They even go out of their way to recommend taking the subway or the bus as an alternative.
A small abnormality among a sea of normalcy.
That's more than enough to remind us that the scars from the solar storm a few months ago still remain.
...And according to the Kimijima Reports, one of equal or even greater size is set to arrive this year.
Just imagining it gives me gives me the chills.
As we near the Expo Arena, there are fewer and fewer people.
We've still got a little under a week left until the show starts.
Akiho: “It looks like SKY is complete!”
The Expo Arena is divided into two arenas, SKY and AQUA.
Last year, ROBO-ONE was held in AQUA.
SKY was still under construction at the time.
Kaito: “Didn't they announce they weren't going to use SKY for the Expo, though?”
Akiho: “Ah, that's true.”
Back at the start of the year, the governer declared that the SKY arena would not be used during the Expo in order to conserve electricity.
Originally, both SKY and AQUA were going to be used to display giant robots from all over the world.
But it's been unexpectedly difficult to get enough giant robots to fill the arenas, so both venues weren't needed.
AQUA alone is pretty large, after all.
And while the world might be in the middle of a robot boom, considering the times, there are a lot fewer companies and people that can afford to build giant robots.
And it's not like they're all building robots specifically for the Expo like we are.
But it's still kind of ironic that an Expo Arena isn't being used for the Expo.
Akiho: “UhyoooHahh!”
The moment she sets foot into the arena, Akiho lets out a strange noise.
Akiho: “Kai, this is awesome! This is so cool!”
Akiho: “There are so many big robots!”
Giant robots around 10 meters tall stand inside the arena.
There's over 10 robots on display, and if you include those still under assembly and those yet to arrive, that number'll get bigger.
Gathered in this arena are giant robots that are currently in development all across the world as of 2020.
I'm sure it'll be quite the spectacle when the full line-up is here.
It's pretty amazing to think that the Robotics Club's robot will be included among them. I'm finally starting to realize how far we've come.
Akiho: “Hahh...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, you're drooling.”
Akiho: “Hehe. I was just so moved...”
Akiho: “The quality is too darn high...! Professionals really do some amazing work!”
Akiho: “Some are cool, some are cute... They're all unique in their own way!”
Akiho: “It's like I've walked straight into a mecha anime!”
Akiho: “All these giant robots are here like it's the most normal thing in the world.”
Akiho: “And they're all gonna move around like it's the most normal thing in the world!”
Akiho: “This isn't fiction anymore!”
Akiho: “Hahh, I'm tearing up...”
Akiho: “If we combined the strength of all the robots here, we could form an Earth Defense Force!”
Kaito: “There's no enemy to fight. Or are you expecting aliens to invade sometime soon?”
Besides, they aren't built for combat.
Kaito: “Forget aliens. The robots would get smoked by modern figher jets and tanks long before anything else.”
Akiho: “You really think so?”
Akiho: “‘Fighting strength isn't determined by differences in performance!’”
Kaito: “It's not really about the specs. It's more like they're completely outmatched.”
Kaito: “Bipedal humanoid robots don't exactly fare too well against tanks and fighter jets.”
Tanks have long range cannons. Fighter jets can hit and run.
There's no way to deal with either.
I doubt there's any opponent at all that humanoid robots have a clear advantage over.
Anyway, there's no point in giving this any actual thought.
The giant robots that appear in mecha anime are always loaded with super tech from another dimension or whatever.
They don't take damage when they get hit by enemy attacks. That's got nothing to do with toughness; it's just fantasy.
It's still early in the morning, but the venue is already packed with a decent number of people.
I see a lot of foreigners, too. They must be servicing staff that came along with their respective giant robots.
The enthusiasm in the air is pretty high.
Every person here is one of the top robot engineers in the world.
Is it really okay for total amateurs like us to walk among such amazing people?
Akiho: “Ah, look.”
Kaito: “Hm?”
Akiho tugs on my shirt sleeve and points at a certain robot.
It's a large, black, multi-legged robot that looks like a spider.
Considering how most of the other robots are bipedal, its frame is rather unusual.
Akiho: “That's from the Exoskeleton Company.”
Kaito: “Oh, really?”
Akiho: “It's a concept model. It's apparently called SUMERAGI.”
The hatch on its torso is open, and what seems to be its cockpit is exposed.
Is it really okay to openly display a company secret like this?
The cockpit is just large enough to fit one person.
Judging by its design, it's the kind of control system where you stand inside of it.
There's an apparatus to secure the waist, and it seems to have master-slave gloves installed for the arms.
Do you stick your hands in them to operate it? It's got six legs, so...
How does that work?
Kaito: “It's nothing like a HUG... I wonder how it'd be used for medical support.”
Kaito: “Or is the company changing directions?”
Akiho: “Didn't I tell you? It's just a concept model.”
Akiho: “It's like a prototype developed specifically for the Expo.”
Akiho: “They're basically just trying to say that they can make this sort of thing.”
Kaito: “Huh.”
HUGs were originally developed for medical support, but due to their versatility, they're used elsewhere.
They've been adopted as equipment used in sports and by the police. They're even supplied to a few military units.
That's why I'm thinking that this spider robot may have been developed for military use.
The Kimijima Reports named the Exoskeleton Company as a manufacturer tied to the Committee of 300 as well.
I can't help but be suspicious of this thing.
Akiho: “But they really does look strong♪”
Yet in complete contrast, the high school girl next to me has an intense sparkle in her eyes...
Akiho: “...I guess Big Sis isn't here, huh?”
The Exoskeleton Company booth isn't just the spider. They'll be showing off the latest HUG model as well. Lots of Exoskeleton staff members are hard at work there.
But there's no sign of Misa-nee among them.
Sumio: “Heeey!”
When we reach our booth's spot, Mitchie and Mr. Candy—the Nagafukada family combo—are waiting for us.
The space assigned to us for our booth hasn't been prepped at all yet, so it's just kind of sad to look at.
As far as I'm aware, Mr. Candy was set to arrive in Tokyo yesterday by plane.
I thought that he would have completely withdrawn his sponsorship after Subaru's accident, but upon learning that Akiho hadn't given up, he offered his help once again.
Considering how much he'd already invested, he didn't have much more money to offer.
Though if anything, we're grateful that he offered manpower over cash.
Model-2 was split between two large trucks for transport. The drivers were Mitchie and a Space Candy employee.
On top of that, he hired several workers to assemble Model-2 here at the venue.
Thus, the Space Candy logo is still proudly stuck to Model-2's body.
Sumio: “Akiho-chan, Kaito-kun! I've been waiting for you guys!”
Sumio: “I bet you had quite the long journey! Gahahaha!”
He used his big hands to clap me and Akiho on the back.
Sumio: “The day has finally come for Space Candy to make its impact in Tokyo with a massive roar!”
Sumio: “Show me that Yoira~Iki spirit!”
E-Exactly what kind of spirit is that?
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, everyone. The two trucks are at the delivery entrance. Let's get everything moved inside today.”
Akiho: “All right, let's do this! Yoira~Iki!”
In order to transport Model-2, we basically had to completely take it apart, and now we have five days to reassemble it.
Then it's game time.
