“Kai...”
“Kai.”
I hear a voice.
A voice calling to me.
I can just barely see something in the darkness.
Legs.
Legs wearing a white HUG.
For some reason, everything from the waist up is shrouded in darkness. The silhouette is hard to make out.
I know it's Mizuka-san, but I can't see her face.
Mizuka: “Why didn't you save me back then?”
Mizuka: “I was right in front of you. How could you be so cold...?”
Mizuka: “Why did you abandon me?”
I tried to save you.
But I couldn't.
There was nothing I could do by myself.
I'm sorry... I'm so, so sorry that I couldn't save you...
Deep within my heart, I cry. I cry and apologize over and over again.
Then, the figure wearing the HUG vanishes.
She suddenly disappears from my sight.
Just like how it happened before. I can still clearly remember Mizuka-san's body laying completely still at the bottom of the cliff.
When the accident happened, when I saw Mizuka-san's final moments, I realized something.
All the news I saw on TV and on the internet about solar storms hitting Tokyo and other countries, along with the rampaging HUGs...
I had thought it all to be someone else's problem.
I was convinced that it would never affect me.
But I was wrong.
I realize how naive I was.
Tanegashima is a part of Tokyo and the rest of the world.
It's not someone else's problem. It's not the plot from inside some video game.
It's all reality.
Misaki: “I thought I told you.”
In place of Mizuka-san's HUG, I hear another voice from the depths of the darkness.
Misaki: “That if you dug any further, you'd regret it.”
Stop...
Misaki: “...So, was I right?”
Please, just stop...
Misaki: “This happened because you didn't listen to me.”
Kaito: “Nngh!”
Akiho: “Kai...?”
When I open my eyes, I'm back in the hotel room.
Kaito: “Hahh... Hahh...”
My heavy breathing comes out rough and painful.
My whole body is soaked in sweat.
My heart is pounding, and I'm worried that I'll have an attack.
Akiho: “Kai? Are you okay?”
Akiho was sleeping next to me in the dark room. She gives me a worried look.
It was all just a dream.
I take a deep breath.
Kaito: “I had a... real bad dream.”
But maybe that's how I truly feel somewhere deep down.
As much as it pains me to admit it, I'm growing suspicious of her.
Just the thought alone makes my heart feel like it's being ripped apart.
I feel nauseous.
Both my body and mind are trying to deny this truth as vehemently as possible.
Akiho: “...Yesterday, and the day before, and the day before that...”
Akiho: “Ever since we started staying here, you've been having nightmares.”
Kaito: “Seriously?”
I had no idea.
Akiho grabs my arm tightly.
She presses her forehead against my neck.
I can feel her breathing and warmth against my skin.
Akiho: “Kai, you always act so distant... Like you don't really care about anything.”
Akiho: “You barely ever show what you're really thinking.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “When you're hurting, you need to say so.”
Akiho: “Do you know how much you've helped me by listening to my complaints and other problems?”
Akiho: “But what about you? When do you ever get to vent?”
Kaito: “This isn't something you need to worry about.”
Akiho: “I want you to vent to me for once...”
Akiho: “If you're hurting, I want to help...”
Akiho: “I don't know if I'll be of much use, but even so, I...”
Kaito: “...Alright, alright.”
Kaito: “Well, I don't think I'm getting back to sleep tonight. Mind keeping me company for a bit?”
Akiho: “...Ah, of course!”
Akiho: “I've got you covered!”
Akiho jumps up from bed and grabs her PokeCom. She begins fiddling with it.
Akiho: “I have the perfect all-nighter solution.”
Akiho: “Plus, it'll get you all hyped up, too! Two birds with one stone!”
There's only one thing that could get Akiho so excited.
Kaito: “Don't tell me...”
Akiho: “You know what's coming!”
Akiho turns her PokeCom screen to me.
The Gunvarrel anime opening starts playing.
Akiho: “An all-night marathon!”
Kaito: “...Hahh, why am I not surprised?”
Akiho: “Hehe. To tell you the truth, I've been too excited to sleep.”
Akiho: “So, let's watch it together!”
Kaito: “Yeah, fine, okay. Just don't make too much noise. It's late at night, so everyone will hear you.”
Akiho: “Man, if only we had some snacks at the ready...”
Akiho: “Ah, but I'll get all fat if I eat this late. Self-control, go!”
Akiho happily sits up in bed right next to me.
We sit shoulder to shoulder, our legs sprawled out.
It doesn't really make sense for the two of us to try to watch on a single, tiny PokeCom screen.
Akiho: “Hmm, since we can't watch it all in one day, let's just watch season two. Everyone considers it a masterpiece, even over the other seasons.”
Akiho: “But I'm still not sure we'll make it all the way through in one night.”
Akiho: “Kai, do you remember what happened in season one?”
Kaito: “Nope, not at all.”
Akiho: “Geez, you're hopeless. How many times have I shown it to you? Okay, lemme give you the summary...”
Akiho's lively voice slowly dissipates the dark, murky feeling that had built up in my chest.
I'm starting to calm down again.
I guess everyone's gotta let off some stress every once in a while.
The tension begins to leave my body.
I breathe a sigh of relief and lean up against Akiho's shoulder.
Akiho: “Kai...?”
Kaito: “Do I smell like sweat?”
Akiho: “You're fine.”
Kaito: “Then go ahead and continue your explanation.”
Akiho: “Okay.”
As I listen to Akiho's voice...
I close my eyes.
If we stay up all night, will we be okay tomorrow?
We have to be really careful, considering the seizures we get.
Well, I'm sure things'll work out.
But right now, I want to listen to Akiho's voice for just a little bit longer.
