The next day, I take some time off in the afternoon and head back to Shibuya.
This is my second time in Tokyo, but my first time traveling alone here.
Akiho seemed suspicious, but I managed to dodge her questions.
My destination? A certain hospital.
At that place...
Yukifune Airi is hospitalized.
At the nurse's station, I ask for her room number. It's on the top floor, in the far corner of this giant building.
I knock, but there's no answer. Upon knocking again, I'm still met with silence, so I slowly, and ever so slightly, creak open the door.
Our eyes meet.
Sitting atop the bed is a lone girl staring at me.
I steel myself and fully open the door.
Kaito: “Can I come in?”
Airi: “...”
The girl—Yukifune Airi—nods her head ever so slightly.
The room was nearly barren.
There's one bed, a TV, and a shelf. There's nothing else.
She doesn't even have any flowers at her bedside.
It's undeniable. The girl in the bed is Airi.
The thawing process must've been a success.
Before coming to the hospital room, the doctor in charge of her explained it to me in detail.
She's in good health.
She'll have to stay here for a while due to her prior disease, but the cold sleep left no aftereffects of note.
Airi: “...?”
Airi's real... She's right in front of me...
She has a real body... She's breathing... She really exists...
As someone who spent half a year with her AI equivalent, you can imagine just how much of a shock this is for me.
I can't help but want to touch her.
Her hair, her skin.
I don't mean that in a lewd sense. It's just a genuine desire to confirm that she's really there. That she exists.
Touching her through the LCD monitor of my PokeCom, Airi was always hard to the touch.
She's actually 25 years old.
The same age as Mitchie, Misa-nee, and Mizuka-san.
Yet she looks like a kid in junior high.
That's all because she was that age when she entered cold sleep.
I gotta say, meeting her like this is kind of anticlimactic, in a way.
She might be the first human subject to experience artificial cold sleep in all of history, after all.
I figured she'd be surrounded by scientists studying and collecting data from her 24/7, with cords connected all over her body.
Airi: “Um...?”
Airi—or should I call her Airi-san?—seems on guard, especially after my sudden visit.
I have to remind myself.
This isn't the same Airi-san that I knew for half a year.
Of course she wouldn't know me.
Kaito: “Oh, sorry.”
Kaito: “Hmm, how should I introduce myself? I happened to find you asleep in that device...”
Kaito: “I guess I'm the person who led to you waking up?”
Ergh, what kind of a weird introduction is this...?
Airi: “Oh, is that so?”
Airi: “I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused you.”
Kaito: “No, not at all...”
Airi: “...”
Airi-san's expression is clouded.
Maybe she didn't want to wake up.
Almost 10 years have gone by, but if they haven't found a cure for her illness yet... this was completely pointless.
Which would make me a real jerk for dragging her out of that thing.
According to the doctor in charge, her mom's whereabouts are unknown. No family has come to visit her.
She's all alone in this world.
The Airi-san of today leapt forward 10 years into a completely foreign world.
When I think about it that way, the inside of my chest throbs in pain. What have I done?
Our conversation fizzles out quickly.
Of course it does. We don't share anything in common.
Naturally, she doesn't have any memories of her AI self.
But, even so...
Kaito: “I just wanted to check in on you.”
Kaito: “I know this must be really hard for you, but I'm glad you seem to be doing all right.”
Airi: “...”
Kaito: “Anyway, I'll be going now. I'm sure I'm just bothering you, so I won't come back again, haha.”
I do my best to force out a smile as I aim to head out the door.
Airi: “Um...”
Kaito: “Yeah?”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “Could you tell me your name?”
Kaito: “Yashio Kaito.”
Airi: “...Yashio Kaito-san.”
Airi: “...Thank you for coming.”
Airi: “You're the first person to come visit me since I woke up.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Can I come visit again?”
Airi: “...It's fine.”
Airi: “I'll be okay.”
She doesn't want me to worry about her, eh?
I should probably make a point to swing by every now and then.
Kaito: “One last thing.”
Kaito: “Do you know the weather out today?”
Airi: “...?”
Airi-san tilts her head.
She looks outside the window.
Then back in my direction.
Airi: “Um... it looks like it's sunny outside.”
Kaito: “...I see. Thanks.”
Unable to endure it any longer, I leave the hospital room as though I'm running away from something.
