For several days afterward, I set aside Misa-nee, Airi, and Sister Centipede, and choose to focus instead on constructing Model-2.
I'm not used to assembly work, so it took everything I had to finish up everything Akiho ordered me to do.
I'm pretty incompetent at basically everything aside from fighting games.
Mr. Candy stood by and watched as I worked, occasionally scolding me and yelling things like “Not enough impact!”
That brings us to the present. The day before the Expo opens.
The date is about to switch over.
Akiho: “All right, we're going to stand it up now. Everyone, thanks for all of your help!”
Akiho bows her head to me and the other workers who have gathered around.
What was the hardest thing about assembling Model-2?
The fact that it can't be assembled standing up.
The TNSC had a ceiling crane, but unfortunately this venue has nothing that convenient.
Which obviously means that since it's assembled lying down, we had to figure out a way to stand it up.
With the booths around us basically finished, we couldn't bring a crane in.
While we were on the island, we had Frau add a move that would allow it to crouch from a sleeping position.
Frau was against us forcing our way into the Expo, but she still agreed to help us out.
Since Junna was unavailable, the function was designed entirely by Frau.
As a last resort, we moved the parabolic antenna to the waist, allowing Model-2 to be powered even while lying down.
Akiho: “Tadah! Kai, take a look!”
Akiho triumphantly pulls something out.
It's a tube about one meter in length.
It's also equipped with a trigger.
Akiho puts it up on her shoulder and poses.
The thick cord extending from the end of the tube is connected to a large power generator next to it.
Akiho: “Hehe. This arrived yesterday.”
Akiho: “It's a compact laser transmission gun made by someone my dad knows.”
Akiho: “Apparently it's super expensive, but we got to borrow it for free.”
Kaito: “It's less like a gun and more like a rocket launcher if anything.”
Akiho: “But it's better than that bulky, fairly dangerous emplacement that Doc made, right?”
Akiho: “Even I can carry this around. Plus, we can supply power on the move.”
Akiho has everyone stand back before she starts transmitting power to the parabolic antenna.
Akiho: “Laser cannon, spaaark!”
Glaring laser light silently surges from the end of the tube.
Akiho: “Kai, power on GunBuild-2!”
As instructed, I turn the robot's power to ON from my PokeCom.
Simultaneously, Model-2's motors enter their neutral positions and lock into place.
Akiho: “All right, stand him up!”
Model-2's control priority is currently with my PokeCom.
“Rise up and crouch” is controlled by a single set of inputs. Inputting that command will make it perform the moves in succession.
Kaito: “Here goes nothing!”
I quickly input the command.
Model-2 then raises both its knees and uses its arms to nimbly transition into a crouching position.
Akiho: “Whoa, that went perfectly!”
Mr. Candy and the rest of the workers applaud for us.
Sumio: “Yes, yes! That's good! Quite the impact!”
Sumio: “Everyone, behold! My Space Candy logo shines brilliantly on the robot's chest!”
Sumio: “I'll finally be able to get into general distribution in Tokyo! Gahaha!”
Fun fact: there's no Space Candy logo if you look at AR Gunvarrel via ‘IRUO.’
Now that Model-2 is safely crouching, Akiho moves the parabolic antenna, bringing today's work to an end.
All that's left is to wait until the main event.
This also means all the workers are done as well.
We politely thank them all, and they pack up and leave.
Mr. Candy apparently has a business meeting to attend, so he leaves as well.
Akiho and I are the only ones left. We both look up at Model-2. What a sight.
Model-2 is on standby in its crouching position. But man, it's neither cute, nor does it look cool.
But...
Even though I only really helped out at the end...
Despite how lame it looks, I feel attached to the ugly bastard.
Akiho: “If only Subaru could have seen this...”
Akiho mutters softly.
Akiho: “Not just Subaru... Jun, Frau...”
Akiho: “Doc, Nae-san, Dad, and everyone else who helped make GunBuild-2 a reality.”
Akiho: “I wanted them all to see this...”
Kaito: “After the doors open tomorrow, all we gotta do is focus on performing and pulling an audience.”
Kaito: “If it's well received, I'm sure we'll get interviews and stuff. News'll travel over to the island and everything.”
Akiho: “That'd get me real fired up! Let's do it!”
Kaito: “With enough attention, Misa-nee might notice, too.”
Akiho: “...Yeah. You're right.”
Akiho then stretches her arms out.
Akiho: “Mmmm! Haaah!”
It's like she's trying to blow away all the uncertainty in her heart.
Akiho: “We should have prepared special jackets for our staff or something.”
Akiho: “Maybe we can ask Mr. Candy to have some made?”
Akiho: “Wait, no. They'd end up being staff jackets for Space Candy. Hehe.”
Kaito: “Weren't you the one saying we shouldn't wear our school uniforms?”
Akiho: “That's because we're not the C.T. Robotics Club anymore.”
C.T...?
Oh, yeah. That's her abbreviation for Chuo Tanegashima High.
Akiho: “The VP was against us coming here, so there's no way we can use the school's name.”
Kaito: “Huh... I'm surprised you put so much thought into it.”
Akiho: “I don't want to cause anyone else anymore trouble.”
Akiho smiles sadly.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...”
Akiho: “Thanks for coming along with me.”
Akiho: “I'm counting on you.”
Kaito: “Well, at the very least, I'll be here for the next six months. I lost to you in our match, after all.”
Akiho: “We're the best partners ever.”
Akiho: “Like Noa and Asuma. I'm Asuma, and you're Noa. Although the sexes are reversed. Hehe.”
Noa? Asuma?
Akiho: “Oh, right. You wouldn't get that reference.”
Kaito: “Sorry. That's just who I am.”
Akiho: “Yeah, I know.”
Akiho laughs, then takes her usual stance.
Akiho: “Storm and surge! Blast of spirit, Gunvarrel!”
I don't think Aki-chan'll ever get tired of yelling that line.
Kaito: “All right, instead of shouting, let's get back to the hotel and prepare for tomorrow!”
Akiho: “Aah, wait uuup!”
Akiho hurriedly chases after me as I start walking off.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't excited.
It's finally happening.
Tomorrow, Tokyo Expo 2020 begins.
