Akiho: “Um, so yeah, the motors aren't hydraulic, but they are kinda hydraulic, plus some are electric...”
Akiho has been incoherent on the mic for a while now.
She keeps messing up what she's supposed to say.
That energy she had from the first day is long gone.
The fact that Misa-nee is coming here today has completely put her on edge.
Technician-looking Man: “What kind of motors are you using?”
Akiho: “The motors are, um, mono—”
I hurriedly input a command and make Model-2 turn on the spot.
Akiho notices the noise and stops talking.
She looks over at me with a blank expression on her face.
She doesn't even seem to have realized what she was saying.
I shake my head at her in silence, and she comes to her senses.
Akiho: “I-It's a trade secret!”
Good grief. What a handful.
Since Akiho is busy working the mic, I'm stuck with using the laser gun and operating Model-2 at the same time.
Mitchie only came on the first day, so he's been MIA.
I really hope he's properly handling our lodging issue...
Mr. Candy shows up daily, but all he ever does is watch the robot with a satisfied look for about an hour before taking off.
So, aside from the opening day, it's basically just been me and Akiho running the booth and Model-2.
Command inputs require both hands.
The laser transmission gun also requires both hands to properly aim.
It's impossible to do both at the same time.
Stuck between a rock and a hard place, I've had to use special commands over everything else.
Once I input one of these commands, the robot moves by itself for about 30 seconds.
I only input a command when Akiho gives the order. Otherwise, I'm holding up the transmission gun.
I've never had to work this much in my life.
But given there's nobody else here to do it, I have little say in the matter.
Akiho: “Finally, we'll end our performance by showing you our hero's Super Combo!”
Akiho: “Gunvarrel!”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Do it!”
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Normally she'd explain over the mic that Gunvarrel'd be transitioning from a ‘Gekisai Dai Ichi’ to a ‘Blast of Spirit’.
Did she even forget about that?
This Misa-nee stuff must have really messed her up.
Whatever. I'll just do as I'm told.
I input the ‘Gekisai Dai Ichi’ command, immediately pick up the transmission gun from the table next to me, and fire.
Once ‘Gekisai Dai Ichi’ is about to end, I put down the transmission gun and input the next command.
When the combo ends, Akiho'll thank the audience for coming... Or at least, she's supposed to, but she doesn't seem to be doing it.
She's looking around restlessly.
What's she doing? C'mon, keep it together...
It's when I'm about to warn her...
I notice that it's not just Akiho who's so restless.
Everyone in the audience is whispering a single name, almost like some big game of telephone.
Senomiya Misaki has arrived.
The rumor propagates like a wave and spreads out amongst the throngs of people.
Before long, the whole audience starts moving simultaneously.
Not just the audience in front of our booth, but the guests at the other booths are all heading in the same direction.
There's little doubt that they're headed for the ExCo booth.
Everyone's going to see Misa-nee.
What should I do?
Should we go, too?
But after my experience with this sea of flesh on the first day, I'm a bit weary.
Akiho, however, sets the mic down, only to start sprinting in the complete opposite direction of the crowd. What is she thinking?!
Kaito: “Aki-chan?!”
Akiho: “I'll be back in a bit!”
Kaito: “Where are you going?!”
Akiho: “The staff area! Big Sis should be coming out from over there!”
Oh, I get it. She's trying to catch Misa-nee before she goes to the ExCo booth. Clever girl.
I shut down the power after having Model-2 crouch down, and quickly follow after Akiho.
Eyewitnesses in the staff area say they saw Misa-nee in the corridor.
The staff area corridor is off-limits for normal visitors, so there's nobody inside.
Considering the only thing that separates it and tens of thousands of people is a single wall...
The corridor itself is silent. Eerily so.
However, that proves convenient for us.
We're able to spot Misa-nee from afar.
There's only one person other than us in here.
That's right.
She's right there.
She has a sense of elegance to her even in the way she walks.
Her back is perfectly straight, like she's filled with limitless confidence.
There's no way me or Akiho would ever mistake her for anyone else.
Nothing has changed since we last saw her on Tanegashima seven years ago.
Akiho: “Big Sis!”
Kaito: “Misa-nee!”
I yell out to her right after Akiho.
After hearing our voices, she slowly turns around.
Misaki: “...”
Misa-nee is dressed in a tight white suit intended for use with a HUG.
It's the very same one she wears in the ExCo commercials.
The suit clearly exposes her natural curves. I gotta admit, it's kinda sexy.
The way she was walking alone down the corridor, helmet under her arm, looked like it could've been a movie scene.
We finally meet again.
After all this time.
It's been seven long years since the day we said our goodbyes at the Tanegashima Airport.
The only contact I've had with her since then is when she called me last summer.
And now that very same Misa-nee is standing right in front of me. The same one that never returned to Tanegashima.
Akiho: “Big Sis...”
Akiho hasn't spoken to her in seven years.
I'm sure this reunion is especially important to her.
I figured she'd immediately run over and tackle Misa-nee...
But Akiho does nothing.
Maybe she's nervous.
And since the two of us ran the whole way here, we're both out of breath.
Given our seizures, neither of us can do much in the way of heavy exercise.
The both of us stop in front of Misa-nee, breathing heavily.
The whole time, she just looks at us. She doesn't say a word.
All three of us are just looking at each other in silence.
Akiho: “Bi...”
Akiho is the first one to break the silence.
Akiho: “Big Sis, long time no see...”
Akiho is clearly very emotional right now.
She's looking at Misa-nee in absolute wonder and glee, her eyes tearing up.
Akiho: “Aaah... It's really you...”
Misaki: “...”
Akiho: “H-Hey! Um, do you recognize me? Wait, we're sisters, that's a weird thing to ask...”
Akiho: “Plus, me, Dad, and Mom sent you a picture every New Year's.”
Akiho: “But it's been seven years, right? I was still just a tiny little kid back then.”
Akiho: “Um, so what do you think? I look pretty different, huh?”
Akiho: “Although my breasts and stuff didn't grow much. Not like you, anyway. Hehe...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, did you forget I'm here?”
Akiho: “Oh, um, TMI, I guess...”
Akiho: “...”
The conversation ends there.
Misa-nee still hasn't said a word.
She's been quietly listening to Akiho talk with a kind-looking smile on her face. She doesn't try to say anything.
Her eyes are glued to Akiho.
It appears as though she's giving her her full attention.
But why isn't she saying anything?
And why is she acting like I don't exist? She won't even make eye contact with me. What am I, chopped liver?
This is mean, even for her.
Is this her sadistic idea of a reunion? Or is she just messing with me?
I hate this.
I'm too old to let her get the best of me like that.
Fine, I'll talk to her then.
Kaito: “Misa-nee—”
Misaki: “Aki.”
I just happen to speak at the same time that Misa-nee says Akiho's name.
Dammit. What awful timing.
Fine... I guess I'll shut up for now.
Misaki: “You've grown.”
Akiho: “Ah... Y-Yeah...!”
That brief comment is enough to wash away all the uncertainty from Akiho's face and put a smile in its place.
Akiho: “U-Um, there's so much stuff I want to talk about, Big Sis!”
Akiho: “Like, tons! But...”
Akiho: “But there's something I need to tell you first!”
Akiho: “The Robotics Club you started has made it all the way here!”
Akiho: “We made it to the Expo, the greatest stage on the planet!”
Akiho: “But, well, the club itself got disbanded before we could get here...”
Akiho: “And the robot we're exhibiting isn't the Gunvarrel that you designed...”
Akiho: “But we've inherited the C.T. Robotics Club's will! I promise!”
Akiho: “Over the last seven years, it's been passed down from generation to generation, ending here with me and Kai's!”
Akiho: “Us, all the past Robotics Club members, all the people who helped us out...”
Akiho: “It's thanks to all of them that we're here now!”
Akiho: “So, um, I'd be super happy if you took a look at our robot, even if it's just for a second...!”
Misaki: “Aki.”
Akiho: “Yeah?”
Misaki: “Mom and Dad. Are they well?”
Akiho: “Yeah. JAXA's gonna be firing off a rocket for the first time in years, so Dad is super excited.”
I'm getting impatient...
Could Akiho hurry and wrap it up already?
With Misa-nee right in front of me, I'm overflowing with things I want to say.
It feels like I'm drowning in these feelings and won't be able to say anything.
...Even so, there's one thing I absolutely have to tell her.
Just one thing. I have to tell her, no matter what.
Kaito: “Misa-nee.”
I half forcefully butt into the conversation.
Kaito: “I have a message from Mizuka-san...”
Misaki: “...”
My voice feels hoarse.
I feel a throbbing deep inside my chest.
I still haven't managed to get over it.
No, it's not something I should get over.
Misa-nee doesn't even attempt to look at me.
I'm worried that she doesn't even see me.
Kaito: “Mizuka-san asked me to tell you this the next time I saw you. Just before she died... This is what she said.”
Kaito: “‘Thank you for the HUG.”
Kaito: “It's thanks to this that I was able to live a pretty normal life for these last two years since the accident.’”
Akiho: “...”
I know I'm not reading the room. I know this isn't the right time.
We've been waiting for this moment for years.
And now I'm talking about depressing stuff and making things awkward for everyone.
I'm sorry, Akiho.
But I have to get this out while I can.
Kaito: “Misa-nee, Mizuka-san was right there in front of my eyes, but I—”
Misaki: “Aki.”
Misa-nee abruptly interrupts me.
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Misa-nee still has that smile on her face.
I'm confused.
Misaki: “Have you decided what you're doing after graduation?”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Wait. What?
What's going on?
What is Misa-nee saying?
Did she ignore me?
My brain refuses to comprehend it.
Why did she just ignore me?
It's not that I really care, it just surprised me more than anything.
Maybe she's just on edge because she has a demonstration coming up?
But...
Those were Mizuka-san's final words.
That's the one thing I didn't want her to ignore...
There's no way Misa-nee would ever ignore her.
Mizuka-san was her best friend. She would never do that.
Has she changed that much?
All the chunks of info I've gathered up until now. All my delusions. They all start to billow up to the surface.
Akiho: “Big Sis...?”
Kaito: “Hey, Misa-nee.”
Kaito: “You have to at least hear Mizuka-san's final words.”
I say to her expectantly.
Look at me, Misa-nee.
You need to accept Mizuka-san's words.
Kaito: “Why won't you look at me?!”
Misaki: “...”
Kaito: “Misa-nee!”
???: “There you are.”
Kaito: “...?!”
Suddenly, a man's voice echoes in the corridor.
Before we realize it, a man standing a few feet away from us starts pointing a handgun in our direction.
Akiho: “Is that... a gun...?!”
Kaito: “It's him...!”
I remember that man's face.
I saw him with Misa-nee on the news before.
I think he's Misa-nee's boss.
Frau: “S-Sawada-kyun.”
Sawada... Sawada Toshiyuki.
A man connected to the Tavistock Institute.
Seeing as how he's pointing a gun at us...
He must be trying to erase us.
I glance at Misa-nee to check her expression.
But...
Misaki: “...”
She's not even looking at him.
And not just Sawada. She isn't looking at me or even at Akiho anymore.
Her gaze is fixed in another direction, and despite the situation, she still has that calm smile on her face.
How is she so calm and collected right now?
Is she okay with me or Akiho getting killed?
Or is she in on all of this?
Sawada: “Don't move. Put your hands up.”
Akiho: “Kai... Big Sis...”
Sawada holds the gun with both hands and carefully moves toward us.
It feels like our reality has suddenly disappeared.
Just moments ago we were celebrating our reunion with Misa-nee.
But now my heart is falling to pieces.
In the distance I can faintly hear the hosts of various booths explaining their robots.
The hustle and bustle of people swirls together to form a cheerful background noise.
It's like another world over there.
Am I really still in the Expo Arena?
Sawada: “I said put your hands up...!”
Akiho looks like she's about to cry as she raises her hands.
I bite my lip and do as I'm told.
The fact that this guy is Misa-nee's boss means, well...
It means my delusions aren't delusions. They're reality.
All the things I'd heard up until now.
Misaki: “If you get involved any further, you'll regret it.”
Frau: “R-Regardless, Yashio-senpai,you're in a really bad position right now...”
Airi: “Master was murdered.”
Mizuka: “This world is more ugly and foul than you think.”
Their words echo in the back of my mind.
Was this what Mizuka-san's warning meant?
Is this what she meant by ignorance is bliss?
How Kimijima Kou was murdered.
How Frau's mom was murdered.
How important people around the world—and even Mizuka-san—are being killed by out of control HUGs.
Has this all been because of Misa-nee and her allies?
If that's true...
If that's really the case, I can't...
Sawada: “By no means did I ever believe that you were connected to them.”
Sawada: “You certainly managed to fool me.”
I want to tear out my hair.
What exactly is he talking about?
Who's he saying that to?
It can't be Akiho. She doesn't know anything about the conspiracy. I never told her.
In that case, Sawada's talking to me, the one who spread the Kimijima Reports around the world.
But I don't understand a single bit of what he's saying.
Sawada: “What are you plotting? What's your true goal here?”
Sawada: “Answer me, Senomiya.”
Kaito: “...Huh?”
Senomiya...?
Not me?
There's no way he means Akiho.
The only other person here with the name Senomiya is—
Misaki: “Aki.”
I jump.
It felt like my heart was about to come flying out of my mouth.
Misa-nee's been completely silent since Sawada showed up. Until now.
And she's still smiling.
She still wears that welcoming smile despite a gun being pointed at us.
She stands totally calm.
Akiho: “B-Big Sis...”
Misaki: “Has the rocket launched yet?”
Kaito: “Misa-nee, what are you saying?!”
I can't help myself.
I don't understand any of this at all.
It's like Misa-nee is a totally different person.
The Misa-nee I loved and respected is no longer there.
The right stuff inside of her is gone.
Misaki: “...”
I don't know if my words reached her.
But the smile nonetheless vanishes from her face.
She turns and faces Sawada, silently.
Sawada: “I told you not to move. I will shoot.”
Akiho: “S-Stop...”
Sawada's gaze and gun are pointed straight at Misa-nee.
Not me. Not Akiho. Misa-nee.
Shouldn't he be pointing the gun at me?
I'm the one who leaked the reports.
The inside of my head is a mess.
Both Misa-nee and this man are from the Committee of 300. They're comrades.
So why?
Misa-nee bends her lips slightly.
Misaki: “HiddenHand.”
Kaito: “?!”
Those words!
Misa-nee takes a single step toward the man.
She makes no sound.
Her movement is inhuman.
Without any preparation, she just suddenly bursts into a sprint.
Sawada: “I said don't move!”
Akiho: “NOOOOO!”
Kaito: “Misa-nee!”
She's dead...!
Misa-nee is dead...!
She took that bullet straight on.
And yet...
Misa-nee slips by Sawada as if nothing had happened.
Sawada: “Impossible! I know I hit her...!”
Did he miss?
Is that even possible at point blank range, and with such firm aim?!
There isn't a single drop of blood on the floor.
Is she okay?
Wait a second...
How can Misa-nee run like that without making a sound?!
Sawada: “Senomiya, stop!”
It's then that Akiho does something unexpected.
She grabs onto Sawada's arm as he tries to shoot Misa-nee in the back.
Akiho: “Don't shoot!”
Sawada: “Let go!”
Kaito: “You idiot!”
I instinctively leap in as well.
Without thinking, I tackle Sawada from behind.
Sawada: “Guh?!”
Knocked down, the gun falls from Sawada's hands.
He tries to pick it back up, but I yank his leg from behind.
He pulls me down, gets on top of me, and starts punching me.
I cover my face with both arms and kick Sawada in the chest.
I've got some distance.
Without delay, I pick up the gun.
I don't know how to use it, but I hold it with both hands and point it at Sawada.
Still on his hands and knees, he looks up at me, frustrated. I glance around at my surroundings.
There's no sight of Misa-nee anymore.
Akiho entered the passage leading into the Expo Arena, chasing after her.
Kaito: “What's going on here...?!”
Sawada: “You have to stop Senomiya!”
Kaito: “Shut up! Don't move!”
Kaito: “Wha...?!”
Suddenly, a lonely melody resounds throughout the venue.
The moment I hear it, my hairs stand on end.
Kaito: “Kagome Kagome...!”
It's just like back then...
It's the same nursery rhyme that played when Mizuka-san's HUG went berserk!
Sawada: “If this continues, everything'll end up like it's written in the Kimijima Reports!”
Kaito: “Ngh...!”
What the hell is going on...?!
Everything that happened in Tanegashima. Everything happening here in Odaiba. It's all starting to connect.
I have a terrible feeling about this.
But with Sawada glaring at me, I can't move.
Akiho... Misa-nee!
