Misa-nee's apartment is in Aoyama.
After taking a bus to Shibuya, we took the wrong train and got lost. We ended up wandering all over Tokyo, nearly on the verge of tears.
After going through Ikebukuro, and then Ginza we ended up back in Shibuya. That's when we gave up and called a cab.
It took two hours to get to a place that would normally take 30 minutes.
When we finally arrived at her apartment building, the entrance had an auto lock, and no matter how many times we buzzed her room, Misa-nee never answered.
We couldn't get in touch with her on our PokeComs either.
Since we didn't have much of a choice, we waited there for around 4-5 hours, but it was ended up being pointless.
We returned to Odaiba and grabbed a late lunch.
By which I mean we went to the same burger joint we hit up last year.
Akiho: “Why are all adults always so busy? It's not healthy.”
Akiho lets out a big sigh as she gnaws on her french fries.
Akiho: “They're so self-centered. They don't even give a single hint of consideration for the rest of us.”
Akiho: “Even Mitchie ran off somewhere and hasn't come back.”
Akiho: “I wish he'd think about the situation he left us in.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, you're starting to whine a bit.”
This is what happens when you get too hopeful.
I prepared myself for the worst case scenario, so I'm not particularly shocked by today's outcome.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...”
Akiho: “Do you think Big Sis is even alive?”
Kaito: “...What?”
I end up staring at her in wide-eyed amazement in response to her cryptic question.
Akiho: “Oh, uh, that's not exactly what I meant...”
Akiho: “It's just, she doesn't call or message us, right?”
Akiho: “We only ever see her on TV.”
Akiho: “I guess she did send a letter of condolences for Mizuka-nee's funeral.”
Akiho: “So she has to at least exist.”
Akiho: “But it's like she's just made of air.”
Akiho: “I don't feel her nearby at all.”
Akiho: “That's why every once in a while, when I try to call her and it doesn't connect...”
Akiho: “I can't help but think that someone like Big Sis exists, but she's not actually Big Sis herself.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “Welp. You've finally lost it.”
Akiho: “But I mean...”
Misa-nee doesn't exist, eh?
I know that's not possible. I know for a fact that she's still alive.
I never told Akiho about how I spoke to Misa-nee once last summer.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “I mean, if that's not the case, then there's only one other reason why she'd never come see me...”
Akiho: “And I don't want to think that she's avoiding me on purpose...”
Hahhhhh... here come the waterworks...
Kaito: “C'mon, have a nugget.”
Akiho: “...Excuse me? Who do you think I am?”
Akiho: “I'm seriously worried. One little nugget isn't gonna change that.”
Kaito: “You don't want it, then?”
Akiho: “...I wannit.”
Akiho grabs one of the nuggets from my tray and pops it in her mouth.
Kaito: “There's no need to be so down.”
Kaito: “We've got plenty of chances. The Expo is gonna be running for a while.”
Kaito: “Plus, ExCo is there. Misa-nee is famous, so she'd have to show up at least once.”
Kaito: “If Misa-nee comes to the venue, everyone will be talking about it.”
Kaito: “And we'll be there every day.”
Kaito: “Once we hear she's in the building, we can just rush over and pin her down that very second.”
Akiho: “I'm her little sister. Why do I have to work so hard just to see her...?”
Akiho: “It makes me feel like I'm all alone...”
She says as she sips on her cola loudly.
Akiho: “...But you're right, Kai. There'll be plenty of chances.”
Akiho: “...Alright. Until that day comes, I'll keep pushing forward with everything I've got!”
Akiho: “First, we need to assemble GunBuild-2 before the Expo opens! Yeaaaah!”
She suddenly stands up and shouts, prompting the other customers around us to give her strange looks.
Akiho: “Sorry...!”
