I wake up to some weight on my shoulder.
I glance to my side and find Akiho wrapped up in a blanket and leaning up against me, softly breathing as she sleeps.
My back hurts so bad, I feel like I'm gonna die.
That's probably because I've been sitting for 20 hours straight.
We took a ferry from Nishinoomote Harbor to Kagoshima Harbor.
From there, we've been driving for what feels like forever down the highway.
I've been doing nothing but sitting the entire time.
It's pretty much torture.
Luckily, I managed to get a nap in, so I'm not too worried about having an attack like when we went to Tokyo last year.
Mitsuhiko: “You awake, Yashio?”
Kaito: “Yeah...”
In the driver's seat, Mitchie grips the wheel with a sleepy look on his face.
He's been driving without anyone to trade places with. Just the sort of thing you'd expect from a prideful P.E. teacher.
Mitsuhiko: “Take a look. That's the Rainbow Bridge.”
I raise my head and see a large bridge right in front of me.
It's not quite dawn yet. Tokyo isn't nearly as well-lit as it was last year.
Back when we visited for ROBO-ONE, the streetlights kept the area lit up from night to early morning.
Stores running late into the night had shining billboards.
And I wanna say there were more cars on the streets, too.
Mitsuhiko: “You know that solar storm last year?”
Mitsuhiko: “Well, to conserve electricity, they cut the lights for the Rainbow Bridge by about half. That's a pro tip.”
Kaito: “Huh...”
The Rainbow Bridge was far brighter last year. The radiance of its white, shimmering lights hit me with some major culture shock.
Now, the lights are more modest, and because of that, its unique white appearance isn't quite as impressive.
It's only been four months since the solar storm.
They said on the news that complete recovery was still a long ways off.
Still, compared to Tanegashima, Tokyo is insanely bright.
Kaito: “Aki-chan. Aki-chan, wake up. We're almost there.”
Akiho: “Mm...”
I shake her shoulder lightly.
Akiho: “Uuugh, g'morning...”
Akiho: “My back... hurts...”
Mitsuhiko: “You guys gotta toughen up.”
Mitchie switches on the turn signal.
The truck carrying both us and Model-2 moves into the Odaiba interchange exit lane.
