Female Announcer: “Hello, we are coming to you live from the Expo Arena in Odaiba, Tokyo.”
Female Announcer: “Take a look at this long line! There are so many people!”
Female Announcer: “You may want to ask, what exactly is happening here today?”
Female Announcer: “That's right! Tokyo Expo 2020 - Dream Creation Expo begins today!”
Female Announcer: “In November of last year, the Kanto region was hit by a solar storm and suffered enormous damage.”
Female Announcer: “The Expo was on the verge of cancellation, but all involved overcame their struggles and are all here to greet us at the grand opening!”
Female Announcer: “The Expo will be held in a total of three locations around the city: the Shinagawa, Toyosu, and Odaiba venues.”
Female Announcer: “But it's the Odaiba venue that's attracted the most attention!”
Female Announcer: “The Aqualiner has opened for service between Haneda, Odaiba, Tokyo, and Narita. The first run is already full!”
Female Announcer: “Now, what's the highlight of the Expo location in Odaiba, you ask?”
Female Announcer: “That would of course be the massive robots!”
Female Announcer: “There's a reason why the Tokyo Expo is also commonly known as the Robot Expo.”
Female Announcer: “Right now, this arena is filled with gigantic bipedal robots that are being developed competitively worldwide.”
Female Announcer: “It's like a dream come true! A festival of giant robots! You'll feel like you've stepped right into the world of anime!”
Female Announcer: “Ah, there's the fanfare! Just now, the fanfare to signal the Expo opening has started to sound out through the venue!”
Female Announcer: “And look there! Accompanied by a round of applause, the entry gate has opened! Guests are crowding in.”
Female Announcer: “Tokyo Expo 2020 has officially begun!”
Just like on the news, guests begin to flood into the arena.
Our booth is on the edge of the building, so most of the crowd has yet to get to our end.
I see parents and children, couples, and other groups of people pass along the aisle in front of me. Everyone's eyes are sparkling with childlike wonder.
They're all looking upward, their mouths hanging open in amazement.
Other robots have already started their performances.
The various exhibits each have a pretty large chunk of space.
Each booth is about 30 square meters.
Exhibitors are free to perform however they like. That said, the usage of fire and other dangerous materials are prohibited.
From our booth I can see many other robots walking, moving their limbs, transforming, and dancing.
They serve to remind me of the gap between us. The stuff the pros paid for and made are on a whole other level.
The guests who came to visit are enjoying themselves while watching said performances.
But sadly...
We don't have a single guest hanging out around our booth.
A handful of people walking by us do however stop to remark on our robot.
Female Customer A: “What's that? It's so ugly.”
Male Customer A: “Maybe it's for industrial use?”
Female Customer B: “It's not moving at all. Is it already malfunctioning on day one?”
Male Customer B: “Maybe it's not designed to move.”
I can already hear people talking trash.
It's true that our booth, robot included, is pretty simple, and maybe even a bit shabby.
It's not elaborately designed like the bigger, more expensive exhibits.
We have one long table by the aisle. On top are Gunvarrel Production Journal booklets detailing the club's history.
It also contains behind-the-scenes shots from Gunvarrel's creation. It's fairly simple, reflecting that we're rookies.
We can't use our club's real name, so we entered the Expo as the Tanegashima Robotics Club.
This means we can't even brag about our link to Misa-nee or our wins at ROBO-ONE.
Our robot is the only thing we can use to compete.
And yet...
Model-2 remains crouched inside of the booth.
Akiho: “That's so weird...! It moved just fine yesterday...”
Sumio: “Grrrr! Can't you do something about this?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Uncle, take a chill pill...”
Sumio: “Young lady, I can offer up to 100,000 yen to fix it!”
Guests have been flooding into the building, but Model-2 remains offline.
At this point, we've come up with multiple reasons as to why that might be the case.
One possibility is that the compact laser transmission gun is malfunctioning.
After all, it's something we borrowed. Not even Akiho knows how the gun works.
When she tried shooting the laser at Model-2's antenna, she said it felt like the laser output was weaker than before.
Akiho's been holding the gun at eye level, inspecting it. Sadly, that's not enough to figure out what's wrong.
Akiho: “Wanna try taking it apart?”
Kaito: “Don't do that. You know how this goes. You'll end up not being able to put it back together again, and completely break it in the process.”
Akiho: “Hahh... Why are things going wrong right from the start?! Graaaaaah!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, cool your jets.”
Kaito: “Have you tried contacting the person who made it?”
Akiho: “I did. They're gonna call me back.”
Kaito: “Then just tell them what the deal is and figure out a plan.”
Kaito: “Anyway, we can't do anything about the gun right now.”
Kaito: “So, let's check for other reasons why Model-2 isn't working.”
Akiho: “Other reasons...”
Kaito: “C'mon, Aki-chan. Let's just do what we can right now.”
Kaito: “You're the only one here who knows this thing from top to bottom. Keep it together.”
Akiho: “Yeah, but...”
Akiho stares at the crouched Model-2.
Then, she has what appears to be an epiphany.
Akiho: “The parabolic antenna!”
Kaito: “What about it?”
Akiho: “That's the only thing we messed with after we made it crouch yesterday!”
Yesterday, we moved the antenna to its waist so that we could get Model-2 to crouch down from a sleeping position.
After putting the robot into standby, it was returned to its original position on its back.
Akiho: “I might have made a wiring mistake!”
Akiho: “I'll go take a look!”
Akiho immediately begins to climb atop the robot.
Kaito: “What're you doing? Use the step ladder!”
Akiho: “I'm just taking a look. It'll be fine!”
Are you sure about that?
I know the robot is crouching right now, but the antenna is still about three meters up from the ground.
She could slip and fall at any moment. It's dangerous, and it's making me nervous.
I can hear condescending laughter all around me.
Guests passing through the aisle are looking at Akiho clinging to the robot's leg and snickering.
Well, I figured this'd happen. Anybody would look at this situation and chuckle.
Akiho reaches the parabolic antenna and starts checking the wiring.
The three of us can only watch from below.
Akiho: “Aaah!”
Mitsuhiko: “What's wrong?!”
Akiho: “Ummm...”
Akiho gives us an awkward smile, still clinging to Model-2.
Akiho: “It looks messed up...”
Kaito: “How so?”
Akiho: “The wiring... It looks like it's connected wrong.”
Kaito: “Weren't you the last one to touch it yesterday?”
Akiho: “Y-Yup...”
Kaito: “...”
It was all just a careless mistake? Amazing.
Sumio: “How long will it take to fix?!”
Akiho: “Um, about 30 minutes!”
Akiho: “I'll hurry and get it done right now! I'm sorry, but can you three help?”
Mr. Candy's hired hands aren't here anymore. They were only brought in to help assemble the robot.
Which means during the Expo, Akiho is in charge of all maintenance.
She has nobody she can turn to for help. I'm basically useless.
Akiho: “Kaiii, go borrow a stepladder! A big one!”
She didn't even prepare one beforehand? C'mon, Akiho...
I head over to the Expo staff area and ask to borrow a big stepladder.
As I walk through the arena, stepladder in hand, guests grumble at me.
I apologize and try to hurry back to our booth.
But sadly, the venue is already filled with people.
The wide aisles are totally packed.
This is the first time I've seen so many people concentrated in one place.
It's impossible to walk in a straight line while holding this thing.
I'm constantly being touched on my back and shoulders by random people passing by.
As someone who grew up on a small island, this is some fierce culture shock.
The only time things ever get even close to this crowded on Tanegashima is during a festival.
I hear the morning rush hour in Tokyo is ridiculous, but I've yet to experience that in my time here thus far.
There were lots of people at ROBO-ONE last year, but I was a competitor, so I didn't have to fight through a crowd.
Quite frankly, I just want to scream. I'm totally overwhelmed by this sea of human flesh.
Meanwhile, nobody else seems remotely bothered by any of this.
Tokyo's scary as hell...!
I thought as much last year, and that feeling has gone unchanged.
Up until yesterday, it only took three minutes to get from the staff area to our booth at a relaxed pace...
But now, I've been walking for 10 minutes and I'm not even halfway there... I can't even go in the direction I want to go.
This sea of people moves in waves and currents, and there's no pushing back against it.
Plus, I'm carrying this stepladder to boot. I can't navigate through all of this.
Which of course leads to me being pushed and dragged in the wrong direction.
Unfortunately, I end up at a booth with a huge crowd in front of it.
The Exoskeleton Company exhibit is absolutely packed.
The HUG incidents and lawsuits have caused their reputation to drop hard, but they still command lots of attention.
Companion: “Unlike a bipedal robot, SUMERAGI is not piloted.”
Right now, the big, spider-like HUG at the booth called SUMERAGI is wiggling its six legs around.
It's actually kind of charming.
Companion: “Instead of being piloted, this six legged, octopus-like machine is worn.”
When I first saw it, I thought it'd be more creepy in action, but I was totally wrong.
Companion: “But how can a person with only two arms and legs move SUMERAGI with its six? How bizarre!”
Companion: “The secret is in the newly developed FOS, Finger Operating System, from our company.”
A companion girl holding a mic is explaining the control system near SUMERAGI.
Companion: “The six legs on SUMERAGI are all operated by the wearer's fingers.”
Companion: “This allows for intuitive control despite the machine having six legs, and—”
Misa-nee is nowhere to be found today.
Since coming to Tokyo, Akiho and I have tried contacting her every day, but she hasn't responded once.
I thought she'd at least show up for opening day, but...
As I stare vacantly at the spider robot, the people around me begin to get irritated. “You're in the way...”
Crap, they're totally right...
Wait, I gotta hurry back to the booth...!
Looks like I'm gonna have to force my way through!
I push my way through the crowds of people, apologizing along the way.
