I can hear Kagome Kagome in the Expo Arena.
People in the audience look down at their PokeComs, wondering what's going on.
But I have no time for that.
How can I describe what I just saw?
Wearing a tight, white bodysuit, just like the ones a robot pilot would wear...
Big Sis makes an incredible leap the moment she exits out into the Expo Arena.
It's a leap far beyond human capabilities.
She probably travels around five meters.
She glides through the air, flying toward the crowded ExCo booth.
I chase after her through the aisles, desperately crying out for her to wait inside my head.
But it's too difficult to move forward.
The aisles are filled with people.
Some are just standing there, wondering what's going on after seeing Big Sis fly overhead.
While it's not as bad as opening day, the place is still jam packed.
I run, and run, and run. I bump into people. I fall over. I get up again. The cycle repeats over and over again.
I can't reach her.
I can't catch up.
Just when I thought I'd finally caught up with her...
Just when I thought I had finally stood shoulder to shoulder with her...
She slips away again.
She flies past me.
I reach out, but can't touch her.
My lungs burn.
I can't catch my breath.
Akiho: “Big Sis!”
I shout out, but my voice is drowned out by the thunderous applause.
I crash into a large, well-built man, and fall over onto my backside.
He asks if I'm okay and offers me a hand, but I shove him aside and look up.
There's a large monitor attached to the venue's ceiling.
The reporter who interviewed me earlier is onscreen. She's filming at the Exoskeleton Company booth.
Onscreen, I see Big Sis swoop down.
An angel...
That word appeared in the back of my mind.
I can't hear her voice.
But I can tell that the reporter is excited.
The audience mistakes her fantastical appearance as part of the demonstration, greeting her with thunderous applause.
However...
She looks at nobody.
She just leaps into the spider-like HUG.
Big Sis slips into what appears to be the control module of the robot.
Even through the big screen I can tell that SUMERAGI has been activated. Its giant, dark body begins to stir.
The spider jolts awake.
Each of its sharp six legs begin to wriggle on their own.
I can hear massive cheers even from where I'm standing.
Exoskeleton Company HUG test pilot.
That's her official title; her real position.
She only started doing PR work after she gained attention as a test pilot.
So having her pilot a concept model like this, and at a huge venue like the Expo? It's a scenario pulled straight from a dream. The people's excitement is at its peak.
SUMERAGI's guttural noises can't be heard over the cheering of the crowd.
However, as far as I can tell through the giant monitor, it's both fast and fluid in how it moves.
In my head, I always pictured six-legged robots as being bulky and slow. Guess my prejudice was unfounded.
It skitters along the floor just like a spider would.
SUMERAGI smoothly crawls across the booth.
And soon raises one of its legs up high.
After extending upward, it easily reaches a length of at least 6-7 meters.
Then immediately afterward, the leg forcefully whips downward.
It tears right through the booth's partition.
This thing is crazy strong.
Those partitions are made of extremely solid resin.
Yet it tore through it like paper.
The entire venue stirs, then falls into total silence.
But only for a moment.
Screams immediately follow, and panic ensues.
A wave of people rush to get away from SUMERAGI.
People fall over each other, causing more screams and angry shouts.
The cameraman shooting the footage must've been knocked down. The screen only shows the legs of people fleeing.
From amidst the throngs of screaming people, things that resemble missiles fly into the air.
SUMERAGI's poison fangs spew smoke as they pierce through the air at terrifying speed...
They collide with the torso of the CONDA Company's giant robot, Achillesimo.
Scarlet fumes rise from it.
The shockwave blasts through the inside of the Expo Arena.
Booth walls and people are blown over.
Pamphlets rain down from the sky like snow.
Did Big Sis shoot those...?
Did those missiles come from SUMERAGI?
That means it's loaded with live ammunition.
But why...?
This is the Expo Arena, not a battlefield.
Why would it be loaded with live rounds?!
No way... Was this the plan from the very beginning?
Is this another beserk HUG incident, like the one that killed Mizuka-san? Or was this all a planned attack by Big Sis?
I don't know, and I refuse to accept either option as a possibility.
Regardless, nobody can stop SUMERAGI now that it's moving.
All of the people are scrambling to escape the venue.
The robots on display have been left behind, abandoned.
The only robot moving in the building is that giant, black spider.
It crawls along on its six legs, knocking down booth walls and tables one after another.
The defenseless robots have their legs swept from under them before getting smashed by the spider's sharp legs.
A missile pod emerges from its torso and unleashes a barrage of guided missiles with a thunderous roar.
This is a massacre...
The best giant robots from around the world are being slaughtered in a one-sided massacre, in a feast of bloodshed and madness.
With no way to fight back, these incredibly cool, adorable, amazing robots are being mercilessly reduced to scrap.
Akiho: “Stop it...”
I stand frozen in place as I hold my head.
Akiho: “Big Sis, stop it...!”
Another one bites the dust. This time it's the Runault Company's giant robot.
It gets caught in the evil clutches of the giant spider, and is subsequently murdered.
Akiho: “I have to stop her... I have to stop Big Sis!”
Why is this happening...?
My sister would never do this. I know she wouldn't!
But for now, I have to stop this spider!
If I don't, the other robots won't make it out alive!
I run to the Tanegashima Robotics Club booth.
Most of the people are flooding toward the exits to escape, so our booth is totally deserted.
It's then that a missile soars overhead.
It collides with the Expo Arena wall and explodes.
The entire building shakes violently.
I can't help but stagger and crouch down on the spot.
The roof collapses, causing dust to burst into the air.
Akiho: “Big Sis, stop...”
Akiho: “Stop it!”
I cry out to her. Wiping away my tears, I run toward GunBuild-2.
Despite the chaos, our robot is still crouched down.
It's not damaged. Nothing's broken.
I look around for any sign of Kai, but it looks like we got separated in all the chaos.
I take out my PokeCom.
I also have the Kill-Ballad System installed.
Akiho: “GunBuild-2, activate...! I have control!”
I turn on the power, awkwardly input a command, and watch as GunBuild-2 stands up.
I have no idea how long the battery's going to last.
It's impossible to operate it and transmit power at the same time.
Without constant power from the laser beam, it'll stop moving after about three minutes.
But despite that...
There's not a moment to lose right now.
Akiho: “I need to save the other robots...!”
Akiho: “I'll stop Big Sis myself!”
Akiho: “Please, GunBuild-2! Lend me your strength!”
It has no way of fighting.
Its performance is nothing compared to the spider's abilities.
But I'm the only one here who can do this.
I feel eyes on my back.
I can also hear the sound of a low frequency engine. It sends a chill down my spine.
I turn around.
My vision is blocked by the booth wall.
But I can feel the spider wriggling around behind it.
I glance at my PokeCom screen in order to see GunBuild-2's point of view.
There it is.
The SUMERAGI—with Big Sis on board—is approaching the booth wall!
I brace myself...
The spider's talon-like leg comes tearing through the booth wall.
Its form is revealed through the opening it made in the wall.
Akiho: “...”
I'm scared...
Is she chasing after me?
Is Big Sis trying to kill me?
Why...? Why would she do this?
My legs tremble, and I nearly crumple to the floor.
I'm so scared that I'm in tears.
Akiho: “Sis...!”
No. You can't back down now.
Fight.
You have to protect the other robots.
You have to fight and stop that spider, no matter what...!
I take a step back and begin to input a command into my PokeCom.
Advance.
Advance...!
Advance, advance...!
GunBuild-2 approaches the spider.
It has the advantage in height.
But the spider is fairly short, so I doubt a punch from ‘Gekisai Dai Ichi’ will connect.
But I have no other means of attack.
I don't care if it's just for show.
As long as it stops Big Sis. As long as it stops that spider.
Akiho: “‘Gekisai Dai Ichi...!’”
But...
Inputting the command is difficult.
Nervousness and panic make my fingers shake.
I can't get it right.
It's like my fingers aren't my own.
Sweat from my brow drips into my eyes.
I can't help but close them in pain.
And before I know it, I'm trembling.
It's then that the spider makes its move...
It slowly raises its body...
Supported by four of its legs, it lifts its other two up like a praying mantis.
To make matters worse, the legs have what appears to be sharp blades installed inside of them.
They have a faint, gold glow to them.
GunBuild-2 stands frozen still within the range of those terrifying blades.
Akiho: “Stop it...”
I feel a dull pain run deep inside of my chest.
It feels like an icy hand is crushing my heart.
It squeezes tightly.
This is the sign of an attack.
But I don't have the time to be worried about that right now.
I have to do it...
I have to get the command right...
If I don't, Model-2 can't move!
Akiho: “Stop...!”
I know all of that, and yet the inside of my head is completely blank.
All I can do is hold the PokeCom like an idiot...
Akiho: “Our robot... it carries the heart and soul of every generation of the Robotics Club!”
It's filled with the hopes and dreams of the Robotics Club—the club that Big Sis founded.
He carries what I entrusted to him—my dream of wanting to catch up to my sister with all my heart, even if it means letting all of Tanegashima fall to ruin...! That's why...!
Akiho: “Big Sis, stoooooop!”
The spider's blades flash.
They cut through GunBuild-2's torso from both sides like a pair of scissors.
Akiho: “Ah, ahhh...!”
GunBuild-2's upper body shakes and leans forward.
It makes a terrible sound, like iron being bent and twisted.
His body then falls over onto the spider.
The impact crushes the spider onto the ground before stopping.
Big Sis...
Akiho: “Sis...!”
I rush over to the spider.
I slip between its legs and crawl onto the torso.
Somewhere... There must be a switch or something to open the pilot hatch somewhere.
It's not long before I find what I'm looking for.
I press the button and the hatch slides open accompanied by the sound of compressed air leaking out.
Inside is the unique standing cockpit.
But...
Even though I know I saw her climb inside...
Big Sis is nowhere to be found.
She had disappeared without a trace, as if she was never here to begin with.
