Frau: “Grgrgrrr...?”
After finally arriving upon the info, I chew on my nails in front of my monitor.
Frau: “I don't get this at all...”
The information is as follows:
The old Minamitane Community Center should be abandoned, but a company bought it in secret and pays the electric bill.
It's a small company in Tokyo called ‘TAIYO Development’.
Due to them paying the bill, the device used to make monopoles fall—the EM wave irradiation device—continues to function. It's on the first floor of the building.
Oh, and another thing.
Kimijima Kou's vacation home. It was similarly abandoned, but Airi-tan's cold sleep device continued to function in the basement.
I investigated who was paying the electric bill, and it seems a company called ‘Commit’ bought the old place.
I wouldn't be a real @channeler if I didn't immediately rush to investigate the two companies for anything in common.
The special forces division—AKA just me—was fully mobilized. I stayed up all night to heavily look into things.
As far as what I found? Well...
TAIYO Development is a construction/engineering firm.
Commit Company is in the restaurant consultant industry.
But they're both shell corporations.
There are no buildings for them at the registered addresses. It was easy enough to investigate from Tanegashima using the street view function in ‘IRUO.’
While it initially looked like both companies had nothing in common, both being shell corporations instantly changed things.
I thought that the company director for both companies might be the same person, but that wasn't the case.
But as I did further research, I found that both companies received loans from a lease company called ‘HOSHITA’.
What kind of shell corporation would take out a loan? SMH.
On top of that, HOSHITA's special advisor was a deputy director and joint investor at the time of Happiness4U's founding. Their name is Hoshita Sakae.
TL;DR: The money used to maintain Kimijima Kou's crap on Tanegashima came from his old acquaintances via shell corporations.
Frau: “Hot and steamy friendships FTW!”
Frau: “I could easily make a thin-book out of this.”
Frau: “Wait, no way! No way! It's so important I said it twice.”
Frau: “This is almost too fishy...”
Frau: “Hm?”
Someone pressed the intercom button outside.
Is it the glass company?
Ever since they replaced all the broken glass in November, a dealer comes by once a week. It's extremely annoying.
Nobody else should be dropping by.
Yashio-senpai and Prez-senpai are in Tokyo doing scandalous things together, and Tracksuit-sensei went with them.
Karate-senpai is screwed up mentally, and Four Eyes can't move due to his busted leg.
Okay... then who is it?
Whoever they are, they're mad impatient.
Genki: “Frau, looks like you have a guest! You should answer! Give them a super energetic greeting!”
Shut up, Genki-kun bot...
Genki: “See, it's ringing! Answering is what friends are for!”
Frau: “Bring up the intercom camera, Rosetta-tan.”
Rosetta: “Okay, bringing it up now.”
The first floor entrance.
I take a look at the camera feed...
But nobody is there.
Frau: “E-Er, where are they?”
Frau: “Ding-dong-ditching is unforgivable. I shall have my revenge!”
Genki: “Sometimes you just gotta sock your friends right in the face!”
Frau: “Shut up, Genki-kun—”
Frau: “?!”
It all happens instantaneously.
The second I hear a gunshot outside my door, two men holding guns quickly come charging into the room.
Without time to even make a sound, my arm gets twisted behind me, and I'm pinned to the ground.
Frau: “Ah... Gah...!”
Priest 2: “Don't move. Make a sound and we kill you.”
Frau: “...”
I can't even raise my head.
Moving my neck even slightly causes an intense pain to run down my locked arm.
I can't see what the men look like.
It hurts too much, and I'm too scared. I feel like I'm about to scream, but I grit my teeth and force myself not to.
Genki: “Frau, it's okay to have fights with your friends sometimes!”
Genki-kun's carefree voice rings throughout the room.
Genki: “But you have to make up after the fight so you can be friends again!”
Genki: “That's what true friendship is—”
Someone smashes my PokeCom screen with the butt of their gun.
Genki-kun goes silent on the broken screen.
Priest 1: “Target B secured. Restraining them now.”
Priest 1: “Priest 3. What's your status?”
Priest 1: “Priest 3. Priest 4. Report your status.”
Priest 2: “What's the delay?”
Priest 1: “There's no answer from the two on watch.”
The two men go silent in their confusion.
They still have their guns pushed against the back of my head.
I'm scared shitless, my teeth are chattering from the fear.
I'm worried that the sound will anger my captors, so I bite down as hard as I can. I'm biting down so hard that it feels like I'm going to start bleeding.
Priest 1: “Stand her up. Let's move.”
Priest 2: “Get up.”
They pull me up by the arm.
Frau: “Aguh!”
Pain shoots through my joints, causing me to tear up.
Priest 1: “Priest 3, Priest 4, respond.”
Priest 1: “Priest 3! What's going on?!”
???: “They won't be answering anytime soon.”
Priest 1: “?!”
Priest 2: “Wha?!”
My arm is suddenly released, and I hit the floor.
Now on my hands and knees, I raise my head slightly.
I look toward the entrance of my room, where the new voice came from.
And standing there is...
Nae: “The two downstairs are enjoying nap nap time♪”
Tennouji-shi...?
Priest 1: “Who are—”
Nae: “Hmph...!”
Her movements are almost lightspeed.
Given how she acts normally, her current reaction speed is unbelievable.
In an flash, she closes the distance between herself and the two strong men that had their guns raised.
Priest 1: “Guhah...!”
She slams her knee into the first man's face, riding her momentum from earlier.
Priest 2: “You...!”
Unshaken by the fate of his comrade, the other man points his gun at Tennouji-shi...
But she's already at his chest.
She grabs the man's gun arm and spins around to his back, slamming her heel into his Achilles tendon.
Priest 2: “Nnngh!”
As the man falls on his back, Tennouji-shi drops her knee into his face without a moment's hesitation.
Priest 2: “Guh...”
The brawny man's body quivers for a moment before going limp.
Priest 1: “Damn... it...”
The man who suffered a knee to the face groans as he tries to get up, but Tennouji-shi is too fast for him.
Nae: “Hiyah!”
She plants a roundhouse kick into the defenseless man's jaw.
Flawless victory.
And just like that, both men are sprawled across the floor, unconscious.
Frau: “...”
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS AMAZING!!!
H-How? How is she so strong? What was that just now? No matter how you look at it, she has to be a manga heroine. I'm not accepting any other answers, tyvm.
In a matter of seconds, she put down two heavily armed adult men without as much as a scratch. She's completely OP.
I'm so incredibly excited that I sink to the floor with stars in my eyes.
Nae: “You're the worst kind of scum. What sort of men team up on a girl like that?”
As for Tennouji-shi, she seems pretty upset.
But as soon as she notices my gaze, she reverts to her usual self with a smile.
Nae: “Everything's all right now♪”
Nae: “I'm pretty strong, right? I learned it all from my dad.”
Nae: “Now then, what's our next move...”
I have no clue what's going on, but there is one thing I'm certain of.
Frau: “I've decided. Henceforth, you will now be known as Nae-sama!”
Nae: “Huh?”
I'm not exactly the yuri type, but I'd be be totally down to let Nae-sama have her way with me. Screw it, take me right now!
