The wind is more humid than usual.
The sky is overcast with dark clouds.
Looks like it's going to rain.
Expecting that, I click my tongue.
If it was going to rain, I shouldn't have come out on the boat in the first place.
I don't normally go out to sea at this hour.
I go fishing well before sunrise, and I'm back in the harbor before noon.
That's why I'm always at home in the afternoon or out drinking with friends.
That's been the rhythm of my life ever since I became a fisherman 20 years ago.
I didn't often break that rhythm to go out to sea in the middle of the afternoon.
I choose this time in particular to be out here because, no matter what I do, I always get emotional when I'm home with my son.
I planned to go home after aimlessly fishing off the coast for about two hours. I've been doing this about three times a week lately.
A month ago, my son had an accident while working on a giant robot. He is still getting treatment for his legs.
He's undergoing rehab at the hospital. They still don't know if he'll ever walk normally again without crutches.
I forbade him not once, but twice from working on robots. When I heard he still hadn't learned his lesson, I considered disowning him.
There's that saying, right? Three strikes and you're out.
He was injured as a consequence of his own actions.
He has no respect for his father.
He went sneaking around behind my back not once, but twice.
I trusted him and tried my best not to step on his toes after forbidding him from such things last summer...
But he came back and made me look like a damn fool.
In the end, not only was he badly injured, he even caused trouble for others.
Not only that, but one wrong move and he could've died.
I'm his father. It makes sense that I wouldn't just let him do as he pleases.
Hiromu: “Why robots, of all things?”
Almost unconsciously, I mutter to myself.
I'm surprised by my own words.
Why robots, of all things?
Am I lamenting my son's interests?
Or am I questioning myself about why I'm so prejudiced against robots?
Hiromu: “Damn it... why robots, of all things...”
Maybe I'm just stubborn.
I never cared about robots to begin with.
But when my son got into them and refused to listen to me anymore, I couldn't let it stand.
The hanging fishing line hasn't moved for nearly an hour.
Unlike when I usually go fishing, I haven't managed to catch anything decent.
I never had much interest in angling, so you could say I'm unaccustomed to it.
But I don't care about catching anything, quite frankly.
Lately, my son does nothing but go back and forth between his room and the hospital.
He remains quiet during meals.
He keeps his emotions below the surface.
Even if I raise my voice at him, he just sits there completely still, quietly hanging his head.
It's as though he's lost all passion for living; like he's just going through the motions.
I never thought he'd be so stubborn over giving up his interest in robots.
Hiromu: “Did I go wrong somewhere...?”
I do my best to convince myself otherwise and dispel the thought.
When I sigh, a cold droplet of water collides with my cheek.
It's starting to rain.
Time to head back.
I pull up my fishing line and get ready to withdraw.
It's then that I happen to see something in the corner of my eye.
Something's flying in the air.
Is it a bird?
This far off the coast?
I raise my head, puzzled...
Only to doubt my own eyes.
They're...
Robots...
Countless black, humanoid robots cover the sky.
Hiromu: “What the hell is this...?”
Where did they come from?
There wasn't a single trace of them a moment ago.
All I can do is gulp as I gaze up at the bizarre sight.
...The end of the world.
The thought runs across my mind.
