It took us an almost unbearable amount of time to get to Chofu.
There weren't any other cars on the road, but there wasn't a single streetlight on, which transformed the roads into a dark labyrinth.
Thanks to that, Mitchie ended up taking wrong turn after wrong turn.
It took us nearly two hours to reach the Chofu interchange.
Chofu Airport only has a single runway.
While it's probably several times larger than the Old Tanegashima Airport, it doesn't feel that way thanks to the darkness.
There are several small aircraft parked on the airport apron.
Most of them look like Cessna planes.
Don't tell me we're going to head to Tanegashima in a Cessna...?
Akiho: “Ugh... I'm gonna puke....”
Akiho's a complete mess thanks to Mitchie's unmatched driving skills.
She already wasn't doing so hot, but now she looks like a total zombie.
I lend her a shoulder, and she desperately clings to me for support.
Mitsuhiko: “This way.”
Mitchie leads the way, and we find a single propeller plane parked close to the runway.
Sumio: “Well would'ja look at that. This is the same type of plane used for flights to Tanegashima.”
He's right. It can carry about 30 people.
Upon closer inspection, the company name written on the frame is also the same.
The ramp has already been lowered, making it possible to see the captain on standby in the cockpit.
Other than that, I don't see a single passenger inside.
As for cabin crew... There might not be one.
Mitchie then waves his hand at the cockpit window.
Mitsuhiko: “Yashio-saaan! Sorry for makin' you come all this way!”
Kaito: “...What?”
Kaito: “Wait, hold on a second. Wait, wait, wait!”
I sprint over to the plane and can't believe my eyes when I peer into the cockpit.
The captain sees me and salutes.
I can see the man inside clear as day thanks to the cockpit lights. There's no mistaking it.
Kaito: “Dad?! What's he doing here?!”
Kaito: “Uh, Mitchie?! What is this?! Would you care to explain what the heck is going on?!”
Mitchie shrugs his shoulders, a playfully ignorant expression on his face.
Mitsuhiko: “Remember Tennouji-san from JAXA?”
Kaito: “Yeah, Nae-san. What about her?”
Mitsuhiko: “About a week before we headed for Tokyo, she called me and your old man out of nowhere.”
Nae-san called Dad?
Mitsuhiko: “She told us that it was possible there might be a terrorist attack in the near future.”
Mitsuhiko: “She said that if something happened while we were in Tokyo, we should go to Chofu Airport.”
Mitsuhiko: “And she asked your dad to fly his plane here if a terrorist attack actually went down.”
Mitsuhiko: “She even said the people up top approved of this already.”
Kaito: “...”
Wait, could Nae-san possibly be the S. Braun that Sawada mentioned...?
Kaito: “You're telling me that Dad flew all the way here after the solar storm hit?”
I look up at the cockpit again.
Dad seems to be frantically checking some meters.
I'm the only one here who knows that there wasn't a solar storm at all.
In other words, Dad came here knowing full well his plane might turn into a brick mid-flight.
Kaito: “That's crazy...”
Mitsuhiko: “We'll talk about the details later. Everything's ready to go, so let's make like a tree and scram!”
Kaito: “...”
Ignoring the last part... He's right. The details don't matter.
Now's not the time to think about who Nae-san really is, or Dad's recklessness.
I have something I must do. Something I want above all else.
And that's to face Misa-nee in a match.
Mr. Candy and Mitchie both head toward the plane's airstair.
I'm about to follow them when I notice Akiho frozen in place.
Kaito: “Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “...”
She has her arms wrapped tightly around herself, and she's trembling.
Akiho: “Are we really... going home...?”
Akiho: “I'm... scared...”
Akiho: “I'm scared of seeing Big Sis again...”
Kaito: “...Aki-chan, you don't have to see her.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Kaito: “But I know you're gonna get lonely if you stay here in Tokyo alone.”
Kaito: “So c'mon, let's head home together. I'm sure your parents are worried about you.”
Akiho: “...”
But Akiho remains still, her head hanging low...
???: “Kagome Kagome...”
Kaito: “?!”
Suddenly, I hear a singing voice coming from the darkness of the runway.
???: “The bird in the cage...”
Someone's there, shrouded in darkness.
A ghost? An illusion?
???: “When, oh when will it come out...”
Frightened, Akiho tightly grips my hand.
???: “In the night of dawn...”
Amidst the silence, the sound of footsteps gradually grows closer.
???: “The crane and turtle slipped...”
And at last, the source of the voice reveals itself from the shadows.
That appearance. That face.
There's no way I would mistake it.
Airi: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “Whoa... Ain't that the ghost of Uchugaoka Park...? Should I be recording this?”
Akiho: “That girl... That's Airi, isn't it...?”
Kaito: “...”
The AI program created by Kimijima Kou. Misa-nee's friend.
Judging by her expression, she seems more like Sister Centipede at the moment.
I can't sense a shred of emotion from her. It's like her soul's been ripped from her body.
She wears an empty expression on her face.
It's like she's looking at someone, but unable to see anyone.
Airi: “Who's that behi—ind you?”
She mumbles quietly.
Which one is she...?
Is she the real Yukifune Airi?
Or is she the AR program made by Kimijima Kou?
I'm looking at her without using a PokeCom right now.
So, under normal circumstances, that would mean that she has to be the real one.
But that means nothing right now.
Especially considering what happened with Misa-nee and the Grand Obelisk.
She could just be another illusion visible to the naked eye.
Plus, her timing leads me to believe that she must've been waiting for us.
Airi begins to slowly raise her thin, slender arm...
And stops at about shoulder height.
Kaito: “...!”
In her hand is a handgun with a black luster that smoothly reflects the moonlight. The contrast between her childlike appearance and the cold sheen of the gun is staggering.
I almost start to sweat, but then I remind myself that if she's just an AR program, the gun isn't real.
This is just a bluff to—
Akiho: “Aah?!”
Kaito: “Wha?!”
The asphalt near our feet bursts into the air.
That was a real bullet...!
Kaito: “Her gun's real...?!”
In other words, the Airi in front of us is not AR, and she's no illusion.
Kaito: “Yukifune... Airi...”
That's impossible!
Yukifune Airi is hospitalized in Shibuya.
There's no way she could make it to Chofu in all of this chaos.
Hell, the fact that she was waiting for us here is even more impossible!
I never told her that we were coming to the airport.
I didn't even know this was an option until two hours ago!
Nobody else here knows Yukifine Airi.
And yet here she is, appearing right before us and singing Kagome Kagome dramatically.
She shouldn't have any memories from AR Airi, so why did she sing that song?
Airi: “This is all futile.”
Airi begins to speak.
But there still isn't a trace of emotion behind her words.
Airi: “I will not let you fly away from here.”
Airi: “If you insist on going regardless, you'll have to run me over and kill me.”
Her tone is altogether different from AR Airi, Yukifine Airi, and even Sister Centipede.
She's different from every other Airi.
Then... who is she?
Airi: “Of course, I am a human being of flesh and blood.”
Airi: “If you run me over, my flesh will tear, my bones will snap, my innards will be crushed, and my blood will gush forth.”
Someone's watching me.
And it's not Airi.
Someone, somewhere, is staring at me.
But I have no clue where they are.
Are they further in the darkness? Right next to me? Behind me? In the plane?
Airi: “If you're prepared to do that, then do as you wish.”
Kaito: “Who are you?”
Mitsuhiko: “Yashio.”
Mitchie then whispers into my ear.
Mitsuhiko: “Look at her through ‘IRUO.’”
Kaito: “Eh?”
I hurriedly whip out my PokeCom and turn the camera toward Airi.
I then boot up ‘IRUO.’
And there, right on my screen...
Is a man.
He's right behind Airi, close enough to almost touching her. His body is thin, and his hair is long.
Kaito: “That's...”
A man invisible to the naked eye.
A man only visible in AR.
A ghost.
The wandering dead.
Don't tell me he...
I've never seen that face before, but...
Kaito: “Y-You're...”
Kaito: “Kimijima... Ko...!”
As soon as he hears me say the name aloud...
The man's lips twist into a wicked grin.
Everything Sawada said was true.
The culprit behind everything. The mastermind behind it all.
The man who changed Misa-nee.
The man who deceived me.
It's him... All of this is because of him...!
Kimijima Kou: “The project is already 90% complete.”
I can hear his voice.
Akiho: “His voice... it's coming from our PokeComs...”
It's the same system as AR Airi.
It's programmed so that the voice we hear changes based on position.
Kimijima Kou: “Much like a car has a braking distance, my plan cannot be stopped so abruptly.”
Is this Kimijima Kou's voice?
Kimijima Kou: “Therefore, no matter how hard people like you and Sawada-kun try, you're far too late.”
Kimijima Kou: “You cannot stop it.”
Kimijima Kou: “I spent over 10 years on this project above all else. I wanted to be absolutely sure.”
Kimijima Kou: “I eliminated as many irregularities as possible from the project.”
Kimijima Kou: “Your role is already complete. You've already exited the stage, so I'm going to have to ask you to stay backstage.”
His voice is very soft.
Actually, it feels more weak than anything.
Mr. Candy would make for a much better final boss.
Wait, no. I can't let him fool me.
If what Sawada said is true, this man is the terrifying ‘Silent Weapon’, a being trying to slaughter five billion people.
Kimijima Kou: “If you still insist on trying to interfere with my work, well...”
Kimijima Kou: “I could do this to Yukifine Airi...”
Kimijima Kou's hand covers Yukifine Airi's hand holding the gun.
She's like a puppet on a string.
Yukifine Airi and Kimijima Kou's hand movements are synchronized.
He bends Airi's arm, raising the gun with it.
He then places the muzzle up against her temple.
Despite what's happening, Airi's expression remains vacant.
Kimijima Kou: “You would be driving this poor girl to suicide.”
Kaito: “S-Stop...!”
I gulp down my breath.
I choose my words carefully as I talk to the phantom man.
Kaito: “I thought you were dead...”
Kaito: “Are you just an AI like Airi?”
Kimijima Kou: “I suppose that may be correct in a technical sense.”
Kimijima Kou: “However, the volume of data is different from Airi.”
Kimijima Kou: “I converted my memories and personality into data.”
Kimijima Kou: “Converting memories into data was made possible through a certain university in the U.S. They published the thesis.”
Kimijima Kou: “I put that to practical use.”
Kimijima Kou: “In other words, you could say I'm a personality that has been transferred onto the internet, memories intact.”
Kimijima Kou: “While it might be artificial in a sense, I have gained eternal life. Envious?”
Kimijima Kou: “Originally, I had planned to perform a perfect transfer after some more thorough research...”
Kimijima Kou: “However, things went a bit sour when Senomiya Misaki murdered me.”
Kaito: “Eh...?”
Misa-nee... killed Kimijima Kou?
Weren't they supposed to be coworkers?
I'm so confused. Once again, I have no clue what's going on.
What is Misa-nee's goal in all of this?
I glance over at Akiho to see her reaction.
She looks stunned.
Kimijima Kou: “Consequently, I was constructed using incomplete Alpha data, taken just prior to my death.”
Kimijima Kou: “Due to that, I can't utilize all the power I had when I was alive, hence why it took me 10 years to execute this plan.”
Kimijima Kou: “Project Atum was originally scheduled for 2015.”
Kaito: “What do you mean... Misa-nee killed you...?”
Kimijima Kou: “Ah, yes. She truly was brave. Fairly barbaric, as well.”
Kimijima Kou: “She tried to stop me that day. I was in the middle of an important experiment, you see.”
An important... experiment?
Kaito: “The MF Anemone...”
Kimijima Kou: “Yes. It was to confirm whether it'd be possible to show illusions to large groups of people using electromagnetic irradiation.”
This man... How can he say something like that without a hint of hesitation?
How much suffering does he think he put me, Akiho, and everyone else on that ship through over the last 10 years?!
Kimijima Kou: “That day's experiment was to test the upper limit. I raised the electromagnetic waves to their maximum strength.”
Kimijima Kou: “Originally, I had expected to kill every person aboard the MF Anemone.”
Akiho: “What...?”
Kaito: “What... did you just say?”
Kimijima Kou: “Indeed, if the experiment had gone on for another 10 minutes, that would have been the end result.”
Kimijima Kou: “Misaki just happened to drop by my house at the time, and when I told her about it, she told me to stop it.”
Kimijima Kou: “Silly girl. What fool would stop simply because they were told to?”
Kimijima Kou: “When I naturally refused—”
Misaki: “...!”
Misaki: “Hahh... Hahh...”
Misaki: “I won't let you kill them...”
Misaki: “I won't let you kill Aki and Kai...!”
Misaki: “I won't... let you...!”
Misaki: “Kill...”
Misaki: “...”
Misaki: “Hahh... Hahh...”
Misaki: “Is he... dead?”
Misaki: “Ah... I-I... What have I...”
Misaki: “Aaah... I-I...”
Kimijima Kou: “Because of her, my head had burst like that of a nice watermelon on the other end of a bat.”
Kimijima Kou: “My, my. What an awful thing she did.”
Kimijima Kou: “That's why, about a month later, I decided to appear before Misaki.”
Kimijima Kou: “The rest was simple. I prodded her sense of guilt, and she easily fell into my hands.”
Kimijima Kou: “She's been working for me ever since. She has essentially become my arms and legs. She does whatever I tell her to do.”
Kimijima Kou: “If I told her to die in the middle of a live worldwide broadcast, she would very much do it.”
Kimijima Kou: “If I were to put it another way...”
Kimijima Kou: “Because she saved the two of you, Misaki is about to become the worst mass murderer in human history.”
Kaito: “...”
Kimijima Kou: “The Senomiya Misaki of the past no longer exists.”
Kimijima Kou: “She shoulders the full weight of her sins. The moment she murdered me, the rest of Misaki's life was set in stone.”
Kimijima Kou: “Tell me, do you intend on killing her in order to save the world?”
Kimijima Kou: “I admit, that would be quite admirable.”
Kimijima Kou: “However, if you were to do that, I would simply turn you into my next set of tools.”
Kimijima Kou: “I would use the guilt you carried over killing your sister.”
Kimijima Kou: “Eventually, our beloved heroes will succumb to their inner demons and destroy the world they once protected. A scenario like that doesn't sound bad at all, don't you think?”
Kimijima Kou: “I have all the time in the world, so I have no qualms with starting from scratch.”
Kimijima Kou: “So, what will you do?”
Kimijima Kou: “Will you go to the island and have your battle to the death with Misaki?”
Kimijima Kou: “Oh, and by the way, she's armed with the second SUMERAGI unit. The very machine that destroyed your robot.”
Kimijima Kou: “Perhaps I'll command her to kill you all in earnest this time.”
Kaito: “I—”
When I try to respond.
The person who holds me back and steps toward Kimijima Kou is...
Kaito: “Aki-chan...?”
Her expression is brave and imposing. The fear she had shown earlier had completely disappeared.
She looks straight at Yukifine Airi and Kimijima Kou standing behind her, at the man invisible to the naked eye.
Akiho: “Kimijima-san.”
Akiho: “Does my Big Sis still love robots?”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, what are you...?”
Kimijima Kou: “What an amusing question.”
Still smiling, Kimijima Kou responds.
Kimijima Kou: “She probably still does, I imagine.”
Kimijima Kou: “Misaki plays a game called Kill-Ballad from time to time.”
Kaito: “...!”
She's TAGIRINGER, AKA Tagirin.
That really was Misa-nee.
Akiho: “Then Big Sis... Even now, she still...”
Akiho: “...”
From where I'm standing, I can see Akiho clench her fists.
Akiho: “To me, robots... were what bound us together.”
Kimijima Kou: “Hm...?”
Akiho: “To me, robots were dreams.”
Akiho: “Robots were hope.”
Akiho: “Robots were the crystallization of the work that my friends and I did.”
Akiho: “Robots listen to our commands and carry them out.”
Akiho: “They can't even move properly without us there to tell them what to do.”
Akiho: “They're so big, and yet they need all the help they can get.”
Akiho: “But the more respect you give them, the more they'll give back.”
Akiho: “They might just be lumps of machinery, but I've come to believe they have souls.”
Akiho: “You know how Japanese people are so quick to personify robots?”
Akiho: “I think it's because Japanese people believe that anything and everything has a soul.”
Akiho: “GunBuild-1 and GunBuild-2 were both like my children.”
Akiho: “And yet Big Sis destroyed all of it.”
Akiho: “My sister, the same girl who loved robots with all her heart, turned around and destroyed them.”
Akiho: “How did she feel back then?”
Akiho: “Was she sad? Was it painful for her? Or... was she able to feel anything at all?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “You won't get away with this.”
Akiho: “I won't let you get away with making my Big Sis do something so horrible, Kimijima Kou!”
Kimijima Kou: “Hahaha. You won't let me get away with it, eh? Splendid.”
Kimijima Kou: “Pray tell, what do you plan on doing? Do you even have the means to stop Misaki?”
Kimijima Kou: “Didn't I already tell you? She's armed with SUMERAGI.”
Kimijima Kou: “She's also accompanied by a team of 10 professional soldiers, all with very personal, intimate knowledge of their weaponry.”
Akiho: “Hee hee...”
Akiho starts to laugh fearlessly.
Without looking at me, she grabs my hand with hers.
I grip it firmly in response.
Akiho: “Haven't you heard...?”
Akiho: “The evil robot is always defeated by the robot of justice! Always and until the end of time!”
Seriously...?
Oh, no. Wait...
Akiho: “We still have one giant robot left. The one that Big Sis designed herself!”
We're gonna drag out Prototype Model-1? That piece of junk?
Kaito: “Heh... Hehe...”
I didn't think she'd play that card.
Aki-chan. You... You're something else... 
You're the goddamn best...!
Akiho: “Let me fill you in, Kimijima-san.”
Akiho: “Up until now, giant bipedal robots...”
Akiho: “Dozens upon dozens of times. No, hundreds of times!”
Akiho: “They have saved the world from annihilation!”
Well, in anime and games, anyhow.
Though I suppose she's not technically wrong.
Akiho: “And so, a robot's gonna save the world this time too!”
Akiho: “The robot we built!”
Akiho: “The robot filled with our hopes and dreams!”
Akiho: “We'll defeat your evil robot!”
Akiho: “And we'll defeat you just the same!”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “And we'll defeat Big Sis!”
Akiho: “We're going to save the whole world!”
Akiho: “The Committee of 300, the Tavistock Institute, Project Atum, Kimijima Kou... You can all shove it!”
Akiho: “And we're gonna wreck my Big Sis just as hard!”
Akiho: “I'm not gonna lose to that superwoman anymore!”
Akiho: “Justice! Always! Wins!”
Akiho: “We WILL win!”
Akiho: “And we're going to save Big Sis!”
Now that's what I call a shout from the soul.
