By the time I enter the Chief's office, the outcome has already been decided.
Ken'ichiro: “Misaki... It's you...?”
Site Chief of the Tanegashima Space Center, Ken'ichiro Senomiya, sees my face and his eyes widen.
Four of my comrades have guns pushed up against him. He's standing frozen still in front of his table.
On top of said table is a single teacup and some pastries.
I look at them and can't help but laugh at myself.
Misaki: “Father. I apologize, but we have to restrain you.”
Who would have thought that this would be our first exchange in so many years.
I certainly didn't expect this when I left the island seven years ago.
...Even if this was inevitable.
As far as missions go, the assault on the Tanegashima Space Center was an easy one.
It's not a military facility, so the security in place might as well be decoration.
They stood no chance against KAMINAGI with myself on board.
Or the 12 armed soldiers equipped with black military HUGs that came with me.
We made a fairly showy and imposing landing on the coast, and within ten minutes of issuing our warning, everyone had fled.
Should any futile resistance present itself, we would be forced to go around and kill everyone one-by-one.
It's far more efficient for them to flee like they did. Their escape matters little.
All means of communication between the island and mainland have been severed. No ships or aircraft will be leaving.
Even if they leave by private boat and seek help from the JSDF in Okinawa, they won't be able to do anything.
But while we let everyone escape...
My father, the Chief, stayed behind by himself.
Misaki: “You chose to remain here as Chief, granting the others enough time to escape. Does that sound right?”
Misaki: “Noble, certainly, but that's what people refer to as dying in vain.”
Ken'ichiro: “Why are you...?”
It seems that Dad has forgotten that there are guns being pointed at him.
He tries to draw closer to me, a dumbfounded expression on his face.
I click my tongue and press my handgun against his head.
Misaki: “Don't move. If you move, I will kill you.”
Ken'ichiro: “...”
Dad stops in his tracks.
Ken'ichiro: “Can you... explain what's going on...? What is all of this...?”
Misaki: “You have no need to know.”
Misaki: “Is the rocket assembly complete?”
Ken'ichiro: “Y-Yes. It's done, but...”
Misaki: “We'll be making use of it.”
Right now, launch sites all over the world are preparing rockets for launch.
It's a total coincidence.
Due to reports detailing the high chance of a solar storm hitting in 2019, rocket launches were delayed worldwide.
Then, in November of last year, the storm arrived as expected.
After that, countries all over started making launch preparations, so the timing ended up lining up.
Tanegashima is no exception.
The private company that requested this launch placed their order with JAXA right after the Earth was hit.
Everything was proceeding perfectly according to plan.
Simply put, we got to pick whichever launch site we wanted.
The BHB is now in our hands. We brought it ashore with us, and we can put the payload onboard anytime.
To get the cargo on board, we even brought on a man involved in rocket assembly work for NASA.
He can finish the work in a little over a day.
X-hour for launch will likely be the day after tomorrow, at noon.
Ken'ichiro: “What on earth could be your objective here...?”
Misaki: “That rocket is the crux of Project Atum.”
Misaki: “Anyone who attempts to get in the way of this launch will be shown no mercy.”
Ken'ichiro: “Wait... Are you going to use it to commit an act of terrorism...?!”
Ken'ichiro: “You're going to smear your own country's space program with blood...”
Ken'ichiro: “Misaki, what happened to you? How long have you been like this?”
Ken'ichiro: “You were never the kind of person who could do something like this.”
Ken'ichiro: “You loved robots... You loved watching rocket launches... You were such a kind girl...”
Misaki: “...”
Ken'ichiro: “And yet you're going to use the TNSC, a place your father is so proud of, for terrorism?”
Misaki: “That's right.”
Noticing how weakly he's trying to argue with me, I reply with cold words.
I want him to shut up.
He's fallen to his knees, crestfallen, his shoulders dropping low.
And yet he's still trying to lecture me.
Ken'ichiro: “Why here... of all places...?”
Ken'ichiro: “Don't you remember, Misaki...? This island is your home...”
Misaki: “I'm fully aware.”
Misaki: “But do you want to know why we picked this place?”
Misaki: “It's because I just so happen to be your daughter. That's all.”
Misaki: “It wasn't out of resentment.”
It was the simplest option. Nothing more, nothing less.
I've never been to launch sites in America or Russia. I am, however, intimately familiar with the TNSC, considering it was only a 15 minutes drive from my old house by scooter.
Ken'ichiro: “Are you really... Misaki...?”
Misaki: “...”
I don't want to continue this conversation.
I give my four comrades the signal, and they proceed to restrain Dad.
Misaki: “I apologize, Father, but you're going to be held captive for a little while.”
Misaki: “Don't worry, we won't kill you. You'll be released right after the plan is complete.”
Misaki: “That said, if things go as planned, five billion people will be dead. You and I might not make it.”
Ken'ichiro: “Misaki, stop it! Stop this...!”
Ken'ichiro: “Rockets must be used for peace and harmony... That is the spirit of JAXA!”
Ken'ichiro: “You've watched me ever since you were a child, so you must know that, right?”
Ken'ichiro: “Please...! Don't use that rocket for something so awful...!”
Ken'ichiro: “Misaki, listen to me! Please...!”
Dad continues to try to appeal to me, so I draw close to him.
Misaki: “Stop struggling. It's unsightly.”
Ken'ichiro: “Ough... Gaha...”
I thrust my fist into Dad's stomach.
Was he always such a small person?
Has he thinned out over the last seven years?
I want to ask if he's eating properly, but that's personal business, so I elect not to.
As Dad groans in pain, my comrades drag him out of the room.
Left alone in the Chief's office, I take a look around.
On Dad's desk is a Fink toy.
Several months before graduating high school, I made one for everyone in the family.
I reach my fingers out toward it.
But the moment I'm about to touch it...
My PokeCom begins to ring.
I left video chat on for the mission.
I open my PokeCom and unmute it.
There's no image. It's voice only.
Priest 1: “This is Priest 1.”
Priest 1: “Arrived at Point Beta. Starting takeover operation.”
Misaki: “Understood. Point Alpha is already under control.”
I look out the window.
Dark clouds stain the sky black. It looks like it's about to pour any second now.
Misaki: “I hate the rain...”
When it rains, rockets can't be launched, after all.
When it would start raining near a scheduled launch day, my usually calm dad would turn anxious and frustrated. I hated how it felt being around him when he was like that.
If the launch got postponed, nobody in the family would be able to talk to him.
So, whenever a launch drew near, Aki and I would make little teru teru bozu dolls together.
Let's just say that nobody on Tanegashima could compete with our teru teru bozu crafting skills.
Misaki: “Don't get sentimental, Misaki.”
I'm probably acting like this because even after seven years, nothing here has changed.
Misaki: “What's the weather report for the day after tomorrow?”
I speak out to no one in particular.
There's nobody in this room but me right now... Or so I thought.
Sister Centipede: “The weather for the day after tomorrow, February 28, for Yakushima and Tanegashima, will be clear.”
The same forecast as when I checked earlier.
It's going to rain tomorrow.
But the day after that will be sunny and clear.
Sister Centipede: “Chance of precipitation: 10%.”
Misaki: “...”
Misaki: “I hate weather reports even more now.”
The center of my head starts throbbing in pain.
I can't help but clutch my forehead as I grit my teeth.
Misaki: “So, you're still standing there, even now... Sister Centipede.”
In the back of my mind...
I have flashbacks of that day.
It was a terribly hot and humid summer night.
The night sky was bright, as if it was lit up by the sun itself.
I was covered in sweat.
Sister Centipede—not Airi—looked at me emotionlessly.
Saying nothing, she stared at me.
Everything was decided on that day nine years ago.
That was the day that I was possessed... The day I was contaminated...
