Sawada: “Were you aware of the fact that, as of today, major rocket launch sites worldwide have launches scheduled for this week?”
Kaito: “What...?”
It's not just the TNSC?
Sawada: “Cape Canaveral, Baikonur, Guiana, Jiuquan...”
Sawada: “And Tanegashima, Japan.”
Sawada: “This is the first time this has happened in the entire history of space exploration.”
Sawada: “There have never been this many at one time before.”
Kaito: “Are you saying it was planned?”
Sawada: “No, it is the opposite. In truth, this was a total coincidence. It is all thanks to last year's solar storm.”
Sawada: “However, it is also true that they gave special attention to such a coincidence.”
Sawada: “At first, we suspected that they were the ones behind the scheduled launches at these five locations...”
Sawada: “But no matter how much we investigated, there was not a single trace of evidence. The rockets were all completely clean.”
Sawada: “From that point, we were forced to make an educated guess, speculating that they would attempt to hijack one of these rockets right before launch.”
Sawada: “We had been trying to narrow down which of the locations they would utilize, but Senomiya's actions today made it crystal clear.”
Sawada: “They intend to use Tanegashima. The BHB is likely resting on the island as we speak.”
A chill runs down my spine.
A bomb powerful enough to wipe out the entire Kanto region is on the island.
If that's true...
If it were to explode on the surface due to any kind of slipup, the entire island would be wiped from the face of the Earth..!
Mom, Dad, and everyone I know is on that island.
All of the former members of the Robotics Club are in danger. Frau, Junna, and Subaru.
Kaito: “Everyone at JAXA was so happy that they were getting to launch a rocket again...”
Sawada: “The Tanegashima Space Center is likely in the hands of the enemy right now.”
Kaito: “We need to call the police... No, the police isn't enough. We need the JSDF to deploy and—”
Sawada: “...That would be pointless. It is already too late.”
Kaito: “Too late...? Why do you—”
Sawada: “Right now, information throughout the world is either being blocked or fabricated.”
Sawada: “In a situation like this, even if we asked the government to stop the launch, the JSDF would not deploy.”
Sawada: “The same goes for the USFJ.”
Sawada: “It is total chaos. The call would most likely not connect, and even if it did, they would interpret it as a prank call.”
Sawada: “In truth, I did try contacting the JSDF base directly, but I did not receive a response.”
‘They're loading a Black Hole Bomb onto a rocket in order to launch it into space.’
It wouldn't matter how you went about telling anyone—be it face-to-face, in a call, in a letter, or whatever—there's no way they would take it seriously.
It'd be impossible to get anyone to believe something that batshit crazy.
Sawada: “I have met with the current administration's Minister of Defense several times, so I attempted to call him directly. No such luck.”
Sawada: “Our only option is to intervene personally.”
Sawada: “However, we are way too far from the island.”
Sawada: “I could arrange for a charter plane from Haneda, but I have no way of getting in contact with them.”
All planes are grounded.
The train lines have all been stopped.
The highways seem to be totally gridlocked.
A ship would take too much time.
There's no way to travel from Tokyo to Tanegashima in such a short period of time...
Was this the Committee of 300's goal all along?
Kaito: “Is Misa-nee... Is Senomiya Misaki the ringleader?”
Sawada glances at my face.
He hasn't attempted to smile even once this entire time.
Sawada: “...There is no doubt.”
The fact that he sounded slightly apologetic only further irritates me.
Kaito: “What do you know about Misa-nee?”
Kaito: “Why would she do something like this?!”
Kaito: “And the way she acted earlier... It was nothing like her...”
Kaito: “She should've been piloting that spider HUG, but she vanished without a trace.”
Kaito: “The bullet you shot her with didn't even leave a scratch.”
Kaito: “It's like... she was a ghost...”
Kaito: “Was that even really Misa-nee?”
Sawada: “I am under the impression that what we saw is an illusion similar to the space elevator currently sitting atop the ocean.”
Kaito: “...!”
Sawada: “Or perhaps it would be easier to understand if I said it is akin to AR visible to the naked eye..”
Sawada: “The specifics were written in the Kimijima Reports. My guess is that it is another application of VR tech.”
Sawada: “Everything she said to you was likely programmed in advance as well.”
Sawada: “She was designed to make it look like she boarded SUMERAGI.”
Kaito: “Why go through all that trouble?”
Sawada: “I am wondering that myself.”
Sawada: “The robot known as SUMERAGI cannot be operated by one of pure flesh and blood.”
What in the world is that supposed to mean?
Sawada: “It is designed for someone already equipped with a HUG.”
Sawada: “Only a person wearing a special HUG known as ‘KAMINAGI’ can operate SUMERAGI.”
Sawada: “KAMINAGI is classified as a pilot-type HUG. It stands about five meters tall.”
A five meter HUG...?
And what does he mean by pilot-type?
I can't even visualize what it'd look like.
Sawada: “The cockpit of SUMERAGI was designed for KAMINAGI to ride inside of.”
Kaito: “But they said it has a finger-something system so it can be controlled with only the pilot's fingers.”
Sawada: “The piloting is done using the FOS, but SUMERAGI is still just a concept model.”
Sawada: “It was developed as a set with KAMINAGI. That is the reason. It has no versatility as of right now.”
Sawada: “It would not recognize anyone not wearing KAMINAGI. It would refuse to activate.”
Sawada: “It was not even connected to the network in the venue. It is a completely stand-alone system.”
Sawada: “The other possibility I can think of is that Senomiya's comrades were among the venue staff.”
Sawada: “They could have tampered with its programming in order to make it go berserk...”
Sawada: “At any rate, the only reason I can think of in regards to why they would show Senomiya entering the robot is as some perverse, masturbatory display.”
Sawada: “It was both a diversion and a way of taunting me for knowing nothing.”
Kaito: “...”
How much has Akiho suffered because of that one decision alone...?
Kaito: “Then... where is she...? The real Misa-nee?”
Kaito: “Did she actually die years ago, and she's been kept alive as an AR annotation or something?”
Kaito: “Please tell me that's not true!”
I consider the possibility that she only exists on the internet—like Airi—and I shudder.
The Misa-nee that I've always looked up to.
The Misa-nee who Akiho loves.
I don't want to believe this is possible.
But...
It's true that I haven't seen her in person in seven years... I have no evidence that she's still alive.
Sawada: “At the very least, I met Senomiya at work three days ago.”
Sawada: “And I can guarantee that she was very real.”
Kaito: “How would you know that...?!”
Sawada: “I had her test out a new bodysuit designed for HUGs. It was something the company made.”
Sawada: “A female staff member helped her put it on at the time, and we talked for a short time afterward.”
Kaito: “Fine, then where the hell is the real Misa-nee right now?!”
Sawada shakes his head lightly.
Sawada: “The highest possibility is Tanegashima.”
Kaito: “...”
Misa-nee is... on Tanegashima...
That's way too ironic...
She hasn't been home in seven years...
Kaito: “Is Misa-nee the mastermind behind Project Atum?”
Kaito: “Does she have connections to the Committee of 300 or the Tavistock Institute?”
Sawada: “Senomiya is most likely a mere pawn...”
Kaito: “A pawn...”
A device meant to be used and subsequently discarded.
There's no way I could believe that...! I've had enough of this bullshit!
Kaito: “Aha... Hahaha...”
Kaito: “Hahh...”
Kaito: “...Calm down, Kaito.”
I whisper to myself and take a deep breath.
I want a Space Candy.
They always help me focus.
Kaito: “...I just realized something.”
Sawada: “What?”
Kaito: “Everything you're saying is just one big conspiracy theory.”
Kaito: “You're basically explaining everything away with your own delusions.”
Kaito: “You have no evidence for any of it.”
Kaito: “You're lying through your teeth.”
Kaito: “You're trying to confuse me with your own fabrications.”
Kaito: “Brainwashing, propaganda... You explained it all in detail to me specifically for that reason, right?”
Kaito: “Were you ordered to do this by the Tavistock Institute? Considering I spread the reports, I must be one hell of a thorn in their side!”
Kaito: “You're just feeding me this bullshit in order to confuse me.”
Kaito: “You won't trick me.”
Kaito: “I won't fall for it!”
Kaito: “You're on the side of the Committee of 300. You're my enemy.”
Kaito: “Are you going to kill me just like you killed Kimijima Kou and Kogoori Minami?!”
Kaito: “Where's Misa-nee? Tell me where she is right now...!”
Sawada: “...”
Despite my threatening attitude, Sawada remains unphased.
That composure of his pisses me off, so I grab him by the collar.
Kaito: “Answer me!”
I don't care if Sawada's leg is injured.
I raise him up by the neck.
Sawada's face contorts slightly, as if he's in pain.
Sawada: “It's... true that my father, Miguel Sant'Ambroggio, is a special advisor in the Tavistock Institute...!”
Sawada: “And that's not all. He's a member of the Committee of 300.”
Kaito: “I-I knew it...!”
Sawada: “But that's purely my father...”
Sawada: “I, however, am revolting against the Committee...!”
Kaito: “Bullshit!”
Sawada: “Guh...”
Sawada: “I don't... blame you for thinking I'm one of... them.”
Sawada: “But there's a scar on my back, about 50 centimeters in length, given to me by an assassin that my father sent after me.”
Sawada: “Do you... wish to see it?”
Kaito: “Hell no!”
Kaito: “That's not evidence of anything!”
Sawada: “Then there's nothing I can do...”
Sawada: “You may kill me, then. Just be quick about it.”
Kaito: “Wh-What's your deal?! Do you think I can't do it?!”
Kaito: “Don't test me! I can kill someone like you, no problem...!”
Kaito: “I could...!”
Sawada: “...”
Sawada isn't resisting anymore.
In fact, his face is already going pale.
I snap to my senses and release him from my grip.
Sawada: “Cough... Cough...”
Sawada: “Hahh... Hahh... You really are a coward.”
Kaito: “Damn it...!”
I'm pathetic.
I knew I didn't have it in me to kill someone.
Sawada: “I understand why you'd be suspicious of me.”
Sawada: “I was too close to the Committee. Over time, they started to repulse me, and I could no longer let them do as they pleased.”
Sawada: “Though with only the power I wield, destroying them was a dream within a dream.”
Sawada: “But even then, I thought that if I kept working at it, I'd eventually have the power to take them down for good.”
Sawada: “I have allies who are willing to fight alongside me.”
Sawada: “They came to oppose the Committee after noticing their dreadful plans for humanity. After attempts were made on their lives.”
Sawada: “I do not know if you have ever heard of them, but among our ranks...”
Sawada: “...There are those such as Lightning-Fast Neidhardt, as well as DaSH.”
I don't have a clue who those people are, and I don't care.
Kaito: “You called Misa-nee a pawn earlier...”
Kaito: “So you know, right?”
Kaito: “You know who's using her.”
Kaito: “Who is the mastermind behind Project Atum?”
Sawada: “...If you have been able to follow everything I've said so far, you should already know the answer.”
Kaito: “Stop beating around the bush and just tell me already.”
Kaito: “Who the hell is it?!”
Sawada: “Do you truly not know?”
Sawada: “‘IRUO.’, Happiness4U, HiddenHand, Tanegashima, Senomiya, MF Anemone, EM irradiation experiments, monopoles...”
Sawada: “...Exoskeleton, propaganda, misinformation about a 2020 solar storm, the Committee of 300, and the Tavistock Institute.”
Kaito: “...?”
Sawada: “They are all connected to the Kimijima Reports.”
And suddenly.
Just like that, only one name surfaces in my mind.
My hair stands on end.
Kaito: “No... No way...”
Sawada weakly nods his head before continuing.
Sawada: “The name of the mastermind behind Project Atum... The man currently at the head of this operation...”
Sawada: “...Is Kimijima Kou.”
Kaito: “...!”
Sawada: “Kimijima Kou still lives.”
