Male Caster A: “It appears that large-scale blackouts have occurred in Tokyo, NYC, London, Toronto, Shanghai, and other major cities.”
Male Caster A: “Riots caused by the public are also occurring in LA, Rio de Janeiro, Cairo, Johannesburg, Amsterdam, Belfast—”
Male Caster B: “We are currently awaiting confirmation, but there are reports of service robots going berserk in New York, Tokyo, Beijing, Berlin—”
Commentator A: “According to the ‘Kimijima Reports’, it wouldn't be odd if we saw acts of terrorism occurring in certain regions.”
Commentator A: “The police and the military of each and every country must be on high alert.”
Commentator B: “There hasn't been this much simultaneous worldwide chaos since the Crash of '15.”
Commentator B: “Worst case scenario, we could be headed for a 21st century Great Depression.”
Commentator C: “These solar storms aren't anything new, yet no one's learned their lesson! What on earth is this nation's leadership doing?!”
Male Caster B: “It's currently unknown how many dead, wounded, and missing have resulted from this current catastrophe.”
Female Caster A: “Since the morning of the 25th until today, NASA has made four announcements on the abnormal activity of the Sun.”
Female Caster A: “Presently, there have been at least 439 large-scale solar flares of X-Class intensity.”
Female Caster A: “Powerful solar storms moving upward of 2,000 kilometers per second have been emitted in rapid succession, each one subsequently reaching the Earth one by one.”
Female Caster A: “Observed early yesterday morning, the U.S. government promptly sent the findings to the governments of various nations worldwide.”
Female Caster A: “However, when asked why such info was not released publicly beforehand, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yamanishi said—”
Female Caster A: “It is deeply regrettable, and we are investigating the cause. Next—”
Female Reporter: “I'm live from Shinjuku Station. All lines of transportation have been suspended, and the area is flooded with people stranded.”
Female Reporter: “Employees here say most devices are working, but due to various abnormalities, they are currently checking all systems for safety purposes.”
Female Reporter: “We do not currently have an ETA for when everything will be restored.”
Female Reporter: “In two hours, most company employees will be leaving work, flooding the station. Further chaos is expected.”
Male Caster C: “Take a look at this footage taken from a live camera in Shiodome. Can you see the black smoke currently rising from Odaiba?”
Male Caster C: “Fujisan TV's HQ is in Odaiba, but it's currently impossible to contact them.”
Male Caster C: “Also, according to information found on the internet, there were large explosions at the Tokyo Expo Odaiba venue. It is possible that this was an act of terror.”
Male Caster C: “For safety purposes, the Rainbow Bridge to Odaiba has been sealed off.”
Male Caster C: “The Metro Expressway Bayshore Route has also been closed. The Yurikamome, Rinkai RailRoad, and Aqualiner are closed as well.”
Male Caster C: “Breaking news! The U.S. has announced that Vice President Crane has been in a traffic accident and has sustained serious injuries.”
Male Caster C: “Details on his condition are unknown. It is under investigation due to the possibility of terrorism.”
Male Reporter: “I'm at the Tamagawa River in Tokyo's Setagaya ward—”
Male Reporter: “Look at this! A large number of birds are falling out of the sky! You can see incredible splashes of water as they land in the river!”
Male Reporter: “Look out! We need to get out of here, it's dangerous! Aaaah!”
Male Caster A: “Matsudo-san? Can you hear me? Matsudo-san?”
Airi: “...?”
I swallow my breath as I watch the chaos unfold around the world on TV. It's then that there's a knock at my door.
Airi: “...”
It's not meal time, nor is it time for them to check my temperature. Whoever it is, they're not a nurse.
Then who is it?
I woke up here a little under a month ago.
During all that time, aside from the doctor in charge of me and the nurses, only Yashio Kaito-san came to visit.
Airi: “Come in...”
I reply timidly.
Maybe my missing mom heard about me and is here to visit, especially after seeing all the chaos.
I stare straight at the door, waiting for it to open.
But...
Airi: “...”
No matter how long I wait, the door doesn't open.
That's strange.
I know I felt the presence of someone on the other side of the door when I heard that knock...
Suddenly a little scared, I hide under the covers.
I put the blanket over me and close my eyes.
If someone comes in, I'll just pretend to be asleep.
I don't want to see anyone.
I'll be here alone. Forever.
I shouldn't expect anything...
???: “...”
A terrible chill runs down my spine.
My eyes are closed, but I can tell.
Right next to my bed...
There's someone standing there.
They're not saying anything.
But I can just barely hear them breathing.
But when did they come inside?
I didn't hear the sound of the door opening.
It's only been a few seconds since I laid down in bed and closed my eyes.
During that time, this person managed to open the sliding door, enter the room, and walk to the side of my bed?
I want to open my eyes.
But I also don't want to.
I'm terrified.
My body starts to quiver in fear.
I clutch the sheets tightly.
???: “...”
Who?
Who is it?
Why won't they talk?
Why are they just standing there?
I can't keep my eyes closed any longer.
I have to see who's standing there. I have to.
If not, my heart will keep beating faster and faster until it ruptures.
I know what I have to do.
I slowly...
And cautiously...
Open my eyes...
