Akiho: “And so, a robot's gonna save the world this time too!”
Akiho: “The robot we built!”
Akiho: “The robot filled with our hopes and dreams!”
Akiho: “We'll defeat your evil robot!”
Akiho: “And we'll defeat you just the same!”
Akiho: “And we'll defeat Big Sis!”
Akiho: “We're going to save the whole world!”
Subaru: “...”
It's a live broadcast.
The video just suddenly started playing on Nagafukada's Twipo account.
Former club president Senomiya-senpai is in total darkness, passionately yelling to an absurd degree. Yashio-senpai is holding her hand.
Who are they talking to? What are they talking about?
I don't know any of the details.
But what I do know...
Subaru: “A robot filled with our hopes and dreams...”
Subaru: “A robot of justice will save the world...”
Such a simplistic view of good and evil sounds exactly like the mecha anime that Senomiya-senpai enjoys.
As far as I'm concerned, that genre is far too childish, so the stories leave much to be desired in terms of mass appeal.
So, considering everything I just detailed, why?
Why is there a strange feeling welling up in my chest?
Why are there tears in my eyes?
My gaze is naturally drawn to the cardboard box in the corner of my room.
My leg is in a cast, so I have to crawl over to the box.
I open the lid.
And take a look inside.
It's there that I find the wreckage of my old partner. He's been broken for half a year now.
It was 10 years ago.
When I saw Senomiya Misaki—a high schooler at the time—at ROBO-ONE, I became fascinated with robots.
That fascination is what brought me to M45.
I pick up one of the parts.
I gently wrap the palm of my hand around it, its cold sensation spreading throughout my fist.
Subaru: “...”
The memories come flooding back.
When I was in elementary school.
At a small toy shop, I had a small RC toy bought for me.
After watching ROBO-ONE, I desperately wanted a robot of my own.
Of course, there were no bipedal RC robot toys back then, so I got an animal type with four legs.
Of course, it was my dad who bought it for me.
I still remember what he said to me that day.
Hiromu: “You'd better take responsibility for this guy and put him together.”
Hiromu: “Don't you dare give up halfway through.”
Hiromu: “Well, you're smart, so I bet you'll have it done in no time. Hahaha.”
Subaru: “I...”
I look at my left leg.
It's held in place by a hard cast.
During surgery, I had multiple bolts inserted into it.
If I don't take painkillers, the intense pain keeps me from sleeping.
Subaru: “Even then, I...”
When I take another look deep inside my heart...
The answer comes immediately.
No, I already had the answer.
This entire month, ever since I broke my leg...
I've been thinking the entire time.
And after hearing Senomiya-senpai spill her soul...
Well, I can't allow myself to sit here any longer.
I put on a change of clothes and exit my room with crutches in hand.
Dad is in the living room.
He's staring out at the darkness through the window.
He said he saw a swarm of robots during the day at sea, so he must still be worried about it.
Hiromu: “Where do you think you're going?”
Just hearing his voice makes my body tremble.
Dad has always been a massive wall that I could never overcome.
I have all the respect in the world for him.
And I'm serious about inheriting his work.
However...
Subaru: “To club...”
I barely manage to squeeze out the words without stuttering.
Subaru: “I'm going to my club.”
I look Dad straight in the eyes.
And I make my intentions clear.
I'm still a member of the Robotics Club.
Subaru: “I realized something.”
Subaru: “I really do... love building robots.”
Subaru: “Up until now, I did my best to avoid that truth.”
Subaru: “I've always told myself that it's something I can't do anymore. That it's something wrong.”
Subaru: “But in the end, I've loved building robots ever since I was a kid!”
Subaru: “I want to cherish these feelings!”
Hiromu: “And what are you going to do if you get badly injured again?!”
Hiromu: “On top of that, you're going out at a time like this?! In this weather?!”
Hiromu: “Have you ever thought to consider how a parent... might feel?!”
Subaru: “I'm happy that you're concerned for my wellbeing, Dad.”
Subaru: “And I'm ashamed of myself for betraying your feelings.”
Subaru: “But I have to do this!”
Subaru: “This is something that only me and my friends can do!”
Subaru: “I don't want any more regrets!”
Subaru: “I want to take responsibility and finish building that robot!”
Subaru: “I won't give up halfway through, no matter what!”
Subaru: “This is my dream!”
Subaru: “So... I'm sorry, Dad...”
Subaru: “But I have to go...!”
Hiromu: “...Have it your way!”
He spits out his reply and withdraws into his room.
I was fully prepared to be struck once or twice, so his response leaves me a bit shocked.
I lightly bow my head, put on a raincoat, and leave the house.
I didn't encounter a single person or car on the way to the old airport.
The island is essentially under martial law right now.
Rumors that armed terrorists have taken over the Tanegashima Space Center have already spread across the entire island.
I've heard that everyone from Minamitane has been evacuated to my high school.
But there isn't a soul at the old airport located next door.
Just a locked hangar.
And Prototype Model-1 sleeping inside of it.
Or at least, that's what I thought.
Junna: “Hidaka-kun...?”
The hangar door is open.
And from inside, I hear a familiar voice.
Subaru: “Daitoku-senpai...”
Junna: “Um... I saw Akiho-chan's video...”
Junna: “Um...”
Junna: “I... told myself I shouldn't come here... I still think that, even now... but...”
Junna: “But... after hearing Akiho-chan's words...”
Junna: “I felt like... I couldn't just sit around doing nothing...”
Subaru: “That's also what brought me here.”
Junna: “You're going to, um, rebuild Model 1-kun, right? That's what Akiho-chan was saying.”
Subaru: “...”
Junna: “I'm sorry...”
Junna: “I haven't once... apologized to you, Hidaka-kun...”
Junna: “I'm so, so sorry...”
Subaru: “...”
Junna: “It's because of me that the Robotics Club is gone...”
Junna: “But I didn't want that!”
Junna: “I didn't want this to happen.”
Junna: “I might not have the right to say this after injuring you Hidaka-kun, but...”
Junna: “But...”
Junna: “You don't have to let me come back...”
Junna: “But I want you, Akiho-chan, Yashio-kun, and Koujiro-san to continue the Robotics Club...”
Junna: “That's what I came here to say, and...”
Junna: “Uuugh... Sniff...”
Daitoku-senpai starts shaking her head left and right.
She had been trying to hold back tears this entire time, but she's given up completely.
Large teardrops are already flowing from her eyes.
Junna: “No, no...! That's not what I really want to say...!”
Junna: “I... I also want to continue the Robotics Club...!”
Junna: “I want to build robots again with everyone...!”
Daitoku-senpai wails loudly. Her face is a total mess.
Even then, she doesn't try to wipe away the tears. She simply falls to her knees.
Subaru: “Senpai...?”
Junna: “I know I can't be forgiven for what I've done...”
Junna: “I'm useless... I don't add anything to the group...”
Junna: “But even then...”
Daitoku-senpai gets on her hands and knees and puts her head down.
Junna: “I still want to try one more time...!”
Junna: “I don't want the new dream... that everyone helped me find... to end like this...!”
Junna: “Please, Hidaka-kun...!”
Junna: “I know I'm being selfish...”
Junna: “Please... Forgive me...”
Junna: “And let me help too...!”
Junna: “Please...!”
Subaru: “...”
The sound of the rain outside echoes loudly through the hangar.
I don't think I've ever been here at night.
I let out a sigh.
Subaru: “I'm not going to give you a hand.”
Junna: “...”
Subaru: “My leg is broken, after all.”
Subaru: “Raise your head and promptly stand up.”
Subaru: “You don't have time for apologies, Daitoku-senpai.”
Junna: “Wha...?”
Subaru: “With my leg like this, I can barely get around.”
Subaru: “So, as a compromise, you're going to have to do my share of the work.”
Subaru: “We'll call it even after that.”
Junna: “Ah...”
Junna: “Hidaka... kun...”
Junna: “I'll do it... Thank you...”
Junna: “Thank you so much...”
???: “Y-You forced a senior to prostrate herself, then coerced her into becoming your slave. I-In a sexual way.”
???: “What eroge is this?!”
I'm suddenly assailed by a bright light.
Junna: “Eek, wh-what's happening...?”
Subaru: “Who's there?!”
It's the light of a flashlight.
Two figures appear.
Frau: “F-From now on, I'm calling you Fiendish Four Eyes. I'll accept no objections.”
Subaru: “E-Excuwuse me?!”
Subaru: “Daitoku-senpai, h-huwwy and shtand up, pwease! She's completely mishunderstanding the situation!”
Junna: “I-I'm sorry...”
Daitoku-senpai stands straight up, then staggers a little.
Junna: “Ah.”
She falls over toward me.
Subaru: “Wha?!”
This is bad! If she falls on me, I won't be able to support the weight, and that's not even considering my leg...!
But I have no escape route.
Just when I come to expect the worst...
Tennouji-san swiftly dashes between us and catches Daitoku-senpai.
Nae: “Are you alright?”
Junna: “Ah, s-sorry.”
Is it just me, or was she insanely fast just now...?
Yet here she is, smiling as usual.
Nae: “Subaru-kun, Junna-chan, and Kona-chan as well. Looks like all the former Robotics Club members are here and accounted for.”
Subaru: “...Former? I think not...”
Subaru: “We're the current Robotics Club members.”
Nae: “Right, right! That's what I wanted to hear♪”
Nae: “Now this is the beauty of youth! How wonderful!”
Nae: “Did everyone come here after hearing Akiho-chan's passionate speech?”
Daitoku-senpai and I both nod.
As for Furugoori...
Frau: “Can you even call that a speech?”
Frau: “A passionate speech would be... f-for example...”
Frau: “‘Gentlemen, I like war.’ O-Or something like that. SMH.”
Frau: “Th-That said, Prez-senpai did a pretty good job. Was pretty raw.”
She's muttering to herself.
Nae: “Then I guess we know what we have to do.”
A familiar truck with a crane comes driving up to the hangar with perfect timing.
And out from the driver's seat comes...
Fujita: “Hoh, you're all here.”
It's Doc.
He acts like he expected us to be together.
Fujita: “Let's get started. The next 24 hours are gonna decide it all. Ain't nobody here sleepin' tonight. Let's do this.”
Without explaining a single thing, he dives right into barking orders.
Nae: “You rock, Fujita-san♪”
Fujita: “Nah.”
Fujita: “Akiho's the one who really rocks.”
Fujita: “She's got balls of steel.”
We don't require further instructions.
There are only five of us here.
But we're all thinking the same thing.
We glance at Prototype Model-1 lying quietly in the darkness.
...Prez. Yashio-senpai.
We'll do everything in our power to get him up and running.
We'll be waiting for both of you to come back.
