Mitsuhiko: “Hold on tight!”
The 658 cc four-cylinder engine roars.
The Ariake Junction entrance to the Rainbow Bridge has the crossing gate down.
And Mitchie is charging straight for it.
Kaito: “W-We're going to crash...!”
Mitsuhiko: “This is an emergency! To hell with the rules!”
Akiho: “Eek!”
Taro: “Boing boing-chan!”
He's totally ignoring traffic laws?!
Mitch smashes into the gate without even touching the break, and the car bursts right through it.
And just like that, we've illegally broken into the closed-off Daiba Line.
Kaito: “This is insane, Mitchie!”
Sumio: “Gahaha! But I'll be damned if this isn't jam packed with impact!”
Kaito: “Wait, why are you enjoying this?!”
Oh God, and isn't the Rainbow Bridge closed?! Is this even remotely safe?!
Akiho: “Urp... I'm gonna be sick... Mitchie... Slow down...”
Mitsuhiko: “What're you talking about? I'm following the speed limit perfectly!”
The fact that his driving is so messed up despite going the speed limit is actually kind of impressive.
We've been jerking left and right in our seats the entire time.
At last, I see the Rainbow Bridge stretching out in front of us.
None of the lights are on. Even the aircraft warning lights are off, leaving the bridge completely shrouded in darkness.
Sumio: “...Say, Mitsuhiko, where exactly are you going?”
Kaito: “Er, aren't we going to Haneda?!”
Sumio: “Haneda is in the complete opposite direction...”
Mitsuhiko: “Even if we get there, the planes aren't flying.”
Mitsuhiko: “Hold on, did you think that Haneda and Narita were the only airports in Tokyo? They're not. That's a pro tip.”
Mitsuhiko: “We're heading to Chofu. Chofu!”
Kaito: “Chofu... Airport...? Is it famous or something?”
Mitsuhiko: “Nope! Most people living in Tokyo probably don't know about it.”
Kaito: “W-Wait, Mitchie, does that airport really exist?!”
Mitsuhiko: “It does, young one.”
Mitchie grips the steering wheel and grins.
Mitsuhiko: “By the way, there's a facility right next to it. This is some big stuff, but I'll fill you in just this once.”
Mitsuhiko: “It's the JAXA Chofu Space Center.”
Kaito: “Huh...?”
Mitsuhiko: “Consider that a pro tip, too.”
The engine's noises grow louder.
And before I can even connect the dots, we're already at the end of the Rainbow Bridge.
The car's tires screech against the asphalt as we slide past the junction and merge onto the circular off-ramp.
