Kaito: “Did you just say... Kimijima Kou is alive...?”
This has to be a joke.
What else could it be?
I force out a smile.
Kaito: “That's impossible.”
Kaito: “I saw Kimijima Kou's death reported on the local news. The police found his remains.”
I mean, I didn't see it directly.
I was still a kid at the time, and I just happened to be hospitalized.
But when I first found the Kimijima Reports, I went to the town library to look up newspapers from that time.
Sawada: “I don't have concrete evidence of it myself.”
Sawada: “However, the more I think about it, and the more I dig, the more I have come to believe that he must be alive.”
Kaito: “But it was in the newspaper!”
Kaito: “They found Kimijima Kou's body.”
Kaito: “It was about two weeks after the MF Anemone incident.”
Kaito: “The MF... Anemone...”
Kimijima Kou died around the same time that the MF Anemone incident took place.
Why didn't I realize until now that these two incidents occurred so closely together?
Sawada: “...”
Sawada: “I believe I already told you.”
Sawada: “The MF Anemone incident was an electromagnetic irradiation experiment.”
Sawada: “The man in charge of it was Kimijima Kou.”
Kaito: “...”
Sawada: “Let's just say that he is one of the many products birthed by the Tavistock Institute.”
Kaito: “Wha...”
Is he saying Kimijima Kou is a member of the Institute?!
Sawada: “The Silent Weapon created with the specific purpose of inciting and brainwashing the public.”
Sawada: “That is who Kimijima Kou is.”
Kaito: “I've had enough of your delusions!”
Kaito: “That man died nearly 10 years ago!”
Sawada: “You're being manipulated!”
Sawada raises his voice for the first time.
Kaito: “But... that's crazy...! This is all... completely crazy...”
Kaito: “So, what you're saying is...”
Kaito: “The Kimijima Reports I spent all that time searching for... The reports written to warn and protect the world... All of it was bullshit?”
Kaito: “You're telling me that Kimijima Kou and his pawn, Misa-nee, were behind the MF Anemone incident?”
Kaito: “If I were to believe that, there's no way I could stay sane...”
Both of them were behind the incident the entire time? There's no way...!
Kaito: “Hey... I'm on the brink of losing it here... Haha...”
Kaito: “So please... tell me you're lying...”
Kaito: “Tell me this is all just delusional nonsense! Tell me!”
The world I believed in up until now has been turned upside down.
The people I believed in up until now...
If this is all the truth...
Then I don't want to know the truth anymore.
Ignorance is bliss.
Mizuka-san was right.
I opened Pandora's Box.
I was a fool.
Kaito: “Please, say something...”
Kaito: “I don't care if you lie... Just tell me... this is all just a delusion...”
Sawada: “Unfortunately, it is all the truth.”
Sawada has no mercy.
He completely ignores my pleas.
Sawada: “It was Senomiya herself who alluded to the possibility that Kimijima Kou was still alive.”
Sawada: “In retrospect, that was the exact moment when I began to trust Senomiya in full.”
Sawada: “From then on, we worked together to follow any trail that Kimijima Kou left behind.”
Sawada: “But in reality, Senomiya was masterfully feeding me false information.”
Sawada: “That is why even after three years of digging, I could never find him.”
Sawada: “Believe me, I am just as much of a fool.”
Sawada: “In truth, Kimijima Kou effectively guided us with his misinformation.”
Sawada: “And you fell for it just as hard as I did, Yashio Kaito.”
Kaito: “...”
Sawada: “I am not blaming you. Neither of us could have done a thing against the Silent Weapon.”
Sawada: “The Kimijima Reports were just another piece of propaganda designed to deceive the world.”
Sawada: “Kimijima Kou casually spread his false information, thereby manipulating others to propagate it worldwide.”
Sawada: “As it continued to snowball, it would transform from urban legends into full-on global conspiracy theories.”
Sawada: “Speculation beckons further speculation, and the real truth becomes uncertain, hidden in a sea of information.”
Sawada: “And so, the world is deceived. The people start finding faults in everything, and it all swells and festers until it reaches its utmost limit and explodes.”
Sawada: “The symbol of that is the Grand Obelisk and the collapse of Odaiba.”
Sawada: “The reality is that there have been no natural disasters today.”
Sawada: “There has been no solar storm”
Sawada: “All that happened in Odaiba was Senomiya Misaki's HUG rampage.”
Sawada: “Everyone here is seeing the same illusion.”
Sawada: “Fake images of a collapsed Odaiba have been uploaded to ‘IRUO.’”
Sawada: “Unexplainable blackouts in big cities all across the world.”
Sawada: “Countless rumors are circulating the internet. The media is picking them up and spreading them, creating an explosion of fake news.”
Sawada: “A selection of robots have had their AIs hijacked, similar to the insurrection of last year, but the scale is currently unknown.”
Sawada: “Beyond that, there are riots being caused by people manipulated by all this fake information.”
Sawada: “The entire world has been made to dance in the palm of one man.”
Kaito: “But why...?”
Sawada: “I told you in the very beginning.”
Sawada: “There is only one objective amidst all this chaos.”
Sawada: “The execution of Project Atum.”
Sawada: “In order to guarantee its success, all eyes must be turned away from Tanegashima.”
Kaito: “Is all this really necessary just to—”
Sawada: “And yet it is clear his plan has succeeded.”
Sawada: “The militaries and police forces of the world have their hands full trying to suppress the chaos.”
Sawada: “Even as a rocket that will end the world is being readied for launch as we speak.”
Sawada: “If the USFJ deployed from Okinawa, they could put an end to all of this in a heartbeat.”
Sawada: “But they cannot do that.”
Sawada: “Right now, other than the enemy, the only people who know about the rocket are likely you and I.”
Sawada: “And we have no way of stopping it.”
Sawada: “Not to mention my wounds.”
Looking closer, I notice that his face has gone even paler.
He said he performed emergency treatment on himself, but there's a pool of blood spreading out underneath him...
Kaito: “Are you... really okay?”
Sawada: “Heh... Well, if nothing else, I will not be moving normally for a while.”
Sawada: “But do not worry about me. I will find some way to contact my people before I die.”
Sawada: “They are fairly reliable...”
Sawada: “We do not have much time, but if I can get in touch with them... they might just be able to pull something off.”
Kaito: “...”
Sawada: “Do not worry too much about your previous actions.”
Sawada: “You just happened to get targeted by Kimijima Kou.”
Sawada: “If it was not you, it would have been someone else, and the Kimijima Reports would have been released just the same.”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “But...”
Kaito: “Kimijima Kou chose me as his target.”
Kaito: “Misa-nee knew that, and yet she still partnered up with him.”
I chased her all this time.
Misa-nee was always my goal.
But she's...
She's...
Kaito: “I need to go home...”
Kaito: “Back home to Tanegashima...”
Sawada: “And how exactly do you plan to do that?”
Kaito: “I don't know, but...”
Kaito: “Right now, I'm the only one who can stop that rocket launch, right?”
Kaito: “I need to do something...”
Kaito: “Aha... Haha...”
For some reason, a dry laugh escapes my mouth.
I don't feel like I've been betrayed.
This was all on me for placing my own expectations on her.
And who knows. Maybe Misa-nee doesn't think she's betrayed us at all.
The true identity of this emotion that's been smoldering at the bottom of my heart...
Kaito: “I'm frustrated... Yeah, that makes more sense. I'm frustrated as hell...”
I worked so hard to catch up to her.
I thought I was close. If I ran after her for just a little longer, I'd finally reach her.
But now that I'm finally here, I discovered she never thought of me as anything more than a minor NPC. One that had outlived its use and was thrown away a long time ago.
...And that frustrates me to no end.
Kaito: “...Which is why I'm going to stop it.”
Kaito: “If I don't, I'll never be able to move on.”
Kaito: “I can't stand this...!”
Kaito: “I hate this...!”
Kaito: “I may have lost, but I refuse to give up!”
I'm frustrated. Hell, I'm pissed...! And the only way for me to turn it around is to take my one chance and make a comeback!
Kaito: “I don't give a damn if Kimijima Kou is my ally or my enemy.”
Kaito: “And I sure as hell don't give a damn about Misa-nee's true intentions.”
Kaito: “They challenged me.”
Kaito: “I got tricked and dragged into a match that I didn't even know I was in.”
Kaito: “But now that I know they've picked a fight with me, I'm not gonna just lie down and let them win!”
Kaito: “I'm putting everything on the line this time...!”
Sawada: “You...”
When I glance over at Sawada, he looks genuinely surprised.
Kaito: “I'll do whatever it takes to get back to the island.”
Sawada: “Heheh.”
Sawada quietly chuckles and shrugs his shoulders.
Sawada: “Well, if you are planning on heading back...”
Sawada: “Take that with you.”
Sawada points at a knapsack with an ‘N Ⅳ’ device inside.
Kaito: “An electromagnetic wave irradiation device...”
Sawada: “It is useless by itself. It will not activate without a special cartridge inserted into the slot.”
Sawada: “But if you do find a way to use it, you will have a powerful weapon in your arsenal.”
Sawada: “Remember, your enemy is human. If you hit them with EM waves, you could force them to see your illusions.”
Kaito: “...”
Sawada: “Make good use of it.”
Good use, huh...?
I pick up the knapsack and sling it over my shoulder.
I then remove the handgun from my pocket and place it at Sawada's feet.
Kaito: “I'll be returning this. I have no use for that thing in my game.”
Sawada: “I see.”
Sawada doesn't even look at the gun.
Sawada: “If you manage to get to Tanegashima in one piece...”
Sawada: “Give codename ‘S. Braun’ my regards.”
Kaito: “S. Braun? Who's that?”
Sawada: “I do not know their real name. They are one of my comrades, but I only know them online.”
Sawada: “They told me that they know you.”
Kaito: “I'll keep that in mind.”
After shooting him a response, I exit the Expo Arena without looking back.
