As I sit on the ground hugging my knees, my butt is starting to get cold.
The inside of the Expo Arena had AC, but due to all the body heat coming off of the guests, it wasn't that cold.
I just realized for the first time since coming here...
Tokyo is a cold, cold place...
I haven't been able to stop trembling for a while.
But is that because I'm actually cold?
Or is it because of everything that happened?
It doesn't matter... I try to ward off the cold by hugging my body tightly.
I should have brought some hand warmers or something...
All our time was spent in the hotel and Expo Arena, so I'm not even wearing a proper jacket.
My outfit's fine for Tanegashima, but it's way too light for a February in Tokyo.
I can tell by looking at the people around me.
Unlike me, they're all bundled up.
Not a single one of the girls have their legs exposed.
The only warm thing I have on me is the little darkened Fink in my hand.
Big Sis made it for me 10 years ago, and it's been one of my closest friends ever since.
Squeezing it makes me feel a little better, but the peace of mind is temporary at best.
Suddenly, I remember the warmth of my sister's hand when she would hold mine...
After the MF Anemone incident...
When I woke up from my three-day-long coma...
Big Sis was right there beside me.
Misaki: “Aki... Thank goodness... Thank goodness you're okay...”
When she realized I had woken up, large tears started falling from her eyes and onto my cheeks.
I can still remember how warm those tears were.
Misaki: “I thought you would never wake up again...”
Misaki: “I'm so glad...”
Akiho: “Big Sis...?”
Misaki: “It must've been terrible... I'm so proud of you for staying strong...”
Akiho: “Um, to be honest, I don't really remember anything...”
Misaki: “Ahaha... Right, I'm sure you wouldn't. You weren't conscious, after all... Hehe...”
Misaki: “But you know, for the three days you were gone, I was very, very lonely... It was like all the color disappeared from my world...”
Mom later informed me that Big Sis sat by my side the entire time, holding my hand tightly and talking to me. She didn't even sleep.
Kai was also unconscious the whole time, which means she left him alone. I kinda felt bad about that.
Granted, he wasn't all alone. His mom and dad were there with him.
Misaki: “If you never woke up, I would have stayed here holding your hand for the rest of my life...”
Misaki: “Thank you... for waking up... Thank you so much, Aki...”
Misaki: “I love you so much...!”
Hearing those words from Big Sis made me so happy, I could never put it into words.
I can't remember a time that I was happier to have her as my older sister.
Akiho: “I love you too... Big Sis...”
Misaki: “I know...”
But...
Thinking back on it, I think that was the turning point.
After that incident, Big Sis began to grow distant.
Whenever we were at home, she was always on edge. She had a constant aura that made it really hard to talk to her.
Misaki: “No matter what you do, you'll always be average, Aki.”
Those were the words Big Sis left me with before she left the island.
Misaki: “Aki.”
Misaki: “You've grown.”
Her smile was the same as always... At least I think it was.
Misaki: “Aki.”
Her gentle demeanor hadn't changed at all... At least it shouldn't have.
Misaki: “Has the rocket launched yet?”
I thought it'd be like we were never apart. That we'd chat for hours and hours.
I'd finally caught up to Big Sis. I finally fulfilled my dream.
I expected her to praise me for all my hard work.
I'm not amazing like my sister.
But as an ordinary person, I thought I could hold my head up high and proudly proclaim that I gave it my all.
I thought I'd be able to say at least that much.
But right before my very eyes, Big Sis...
She... To GunBuild-2...
...
Akiho: “I don't understand...”
Akiho: “I don't understand at all...”
It was always me trying to get in touch with her. I tried emailing her, calling her, but...
No matter how I tried to contact her, she never answered me, and she never came back to the island to see me. Not even once.
Apparently she stayed in touch with Mizuka-san.
But she avoided me.
I must've been nothing but a bother to her.
I relied on her too much, and now she's done with me. She doesn't love me anymore.
This must all be my fault for getting too excited about seeing her again.
Who wants a dumb, overly excited little sister like me, right? I'm just in the way.
And on top of that, I did it right before her important demonstration in front of a huge audience.
It only makes sense that she'd abandon me for not being able to read the room.
It's natural...
My vision goes blurry.
I wipe away the tears welling up with my hands.
I'm tired of everything...
No matter how hard I try and charge forward with all I've got...
I know that it's all for nothing. I understand that now.
I'm done.
Done with making calls that'll never be answered.
Done with sending messages that'll never get replies.
Done chasing after my amazing, kind big sister that everyone called a prodigy.
I'm done with it all...
Every time.
I was always so nervous whenever I tried to call Big Sis.
I'd struggle with it for several minutes, even hours, before I finally gathered up the courage to hit the call button.
I'd call even though deep inside, I was secretly hoping she wouldn't answer.
And yet, every time she didn't answer, I'd feel like crying anyway.
All alone, I did this over and over again for seven lonely years after she left the island.
Akiho: “...I'm an idiot...”
Akiho: “I really am an idiot...”
She was just avoiding me the entire time.
Big Sis never saw me as anything but a pain in her ass.
All the tears I've been holding back threaten to come bursting forth.
I raise my head to try and hold them back.
I look around me.
Mr. Candy is standing nearby, furiously operating his PokeCom with his big hands.
Kai...
Hey, where are you?
No matter how much I search, I can't find my beloved childhood friend.
He let go of my hand just a bit ago, but where did he go?
Akiho: “Kai... Come back...”
I wonder what Kai thinks of me?
When the Robotics Club was disbanded, he made that promise to me...
Is it still okay for me to believe him...?
