Kaito: “D-Don't move.”
The gun I'm pointing at Sawada is trembling pathetically.
I'm normally calm and collected when I play ranked Kill-Ballad, but this is a completely different story.
The sensation of the gun in my hands. Its weight.
It looks just like a toy, but in reality, it's extremely thick and feels very heavy.
Shit, with openings like this, I'm practically asking to get killed.
Just thinking that is enough to make me feel anxious.
Sawada: “...It's you.”
Sawada stays flat against the wall, making no attempt to move. Even with a gun pointed at him, he doesn't try to run away.
Kaito: “...Looks like you're hurt.”
His left leg is soaked in blood.
The blood spread throughout his suit, darkening it.
Sawada: “Thanks to Senomiya's lovely display.”
Sawada: “You do not need to point that thing at me.”
Sawada: “I never had any intention of harming you from the beginning.”
Kaito: “...”
I slowly lower the gun.
As I go to put it back into my pocket...
Sawada: “Put the safety on. I imagine you want to avoid any accidental discharges.”
Kaito: “...”
The safety?
I look at the gun and find something that resembles a switch, but I don't know if it's the safety or not. I warily look at Sawada.
He gently nods, so I flip the switch to ON and stuff the gun back in my pocket.
Kaito: “The ambulances aren't coming, so we can't treat your wounds. Sorry.”
Sawada: “Do not worry about me. I performed emergency treatment myself. I have stopped the bleeding for the time being.”
Kaito: “...”
Despite being injured, Sawada is oddly calm.
Man, this guy has no weaknesses at all.
That's kind of frustrating, but I'll deal with it. I glance at the devices on the floor nearby.
As far as I can tell, they're metal boxes.
Each is about the size of a bulky dictionary. The letters ‘N Ⅳ’ are written on the surfaces.
There are four of them strewn about, three of which have been violently disassembled with their circuit boards and various cords yanked out.
Kaito: “What are these?”
Sawada: “...Silent Weapons.”
Sawada: “You could say they are the source of that magic.”
Kaito: “What do you mean?”
Sawada: “You live on Tanegashima, correct? In addition, you are the one who found the Kimijima Reports and spread them across the world.”
Sawada: “You should understand what I mean.”
I gulp involuntarily.
Kaito: “How did you know it was me...?”
Kaito: “Even online, nobody figured out it was me.”
Sawada: “I have been monitoring you ever since I first saw you at ROBO-ONE.”
Kaito: “Why would you do that?”
Sawada: “I suppose you could say I was doing a follow-up investigation on the test subjects.”
I don't follow what he's saying at all.
But despite my own confusion, I can't let those words slip by unnoticed.
Kaito: “Are you saying I'm a test subject?”
Kaito: “What did you do to me?”
Sawada: “I have done nothing to you. Nothing at all.”
Kaito: “Then...”
Sawada: “Electromagnetic irradiation.”
Kaito: “...Huh?”
Sawada: “You were involved in an experiment involving electromagnetic irradiation. That is what I am saying.”
Kaito: “...”
An electromagnetic irradiation... experiment...
It suddenly hits me.
In my 18 years of life, there's only one event that could fit that description.
Kaito: “The MF Anemone...!”
Sawada: “The devices scattered across the floor are the same as the ones that were employed back then.”
Sawada: “There were several of them placed around the inside of the venue.”
Sawada: “The devices are likely not restricted to this location alone. I heavily suspect that there are more hidden all across Odaiba.”
Kaito: “W-Wait... Slow down!”
Kaito: “You're just dropping bombshell after bombshell like they're nothing and you expect me to keep up?!”
Kaito: “What do you mean an electromagnetic irradiation experiment?! What the hell is happening right now?! What would hiding them in Odaiba—”
Sawada: “It is magic.”
Sawada: “Did you not see it? That gigantic spire sprouting out from the sea.”
Kaito: “You mean the Grand Obelisk?”
Sawada: “Every person in Odaiba can see it with their own two eyes.”
Sawada: “But do not be fooled. It is merely an illusion. It is simply augmented reality for the naked eye.”
Kaito: “Wha...?!”
Sawada: “I am actually quite surprised you did not consider that until now.”
Sawada: “Do you really think a structure of that scale could be constructed in a matter of hours?”
It's like he could read my mind.
Yes, I definitely had my doubts. 
But I didn't entertain them.
I didn't even try to.
Kaito: “But is it really possible for everyone to see the same illusion simultaneously?”
Sawada: “This device is capable of that.”
Sawada shifted his gaze to the boxes on the floor.
Kaito: “Devices that emit electromagnetic waves in order to show illusions to the masses...”
Something like that was written in the Kimijima Reports.
He said that the Tavistock Institute was doing research into that kind of technology.
Kaito: “But I didn't see any illusions on the MF Anemone. In fact, all it did was leave me with these weird seizures.”
Sawada: “I have heard previously that the data on those devices was lost ten years ago...”
Sawada: “...During the Shibuya earthquake.”
The Shibuya earthquake...
Sawada: “Therefore it is entirely possible that the experiment on the MF Anemone utilized an incomplete version of the technology.”
Kaito: “Are you telling me that Aki-chan and I were human test subjects?!”
Sawada: “That is what I have been saying since the beginning.”
Kaito: “And it was you that—”
Sawada: “Do not misunderstand. I have already told you that I did not carry out the experiment.”
Kaito: “...”
I hold back the urge to shout at him.
Kaito: “You're not from the Committee of 300?”
Sawada: “How much do you know about me?”
Grr, way to answer my question with another question...
Kaito: “Just that your father works as a special advisor for Tavistock.”
Sawada: “Hah, I see.”
Sawada laughed to himself—or perhaps at himself—before returning to his piercing gaze.
Then, without answering my question...
Sawada: “HiddenHand.”
His whisper sends a chill down my spine.
That word again...
Sawada: “The invisible hand of God.”
Sawada: “And... Kagome Kagome.”
Kaito: “...!”
Sawada: “Both are keywords related to the Illuminati. Had you taken notice?”
Kaito: “Illumi... nati...?”
Sawada: “It is a secret society that has existed for well over 200 years.”
Sawada: “They operate under another name: the Committee of 300.”
Are you serious...?
Sawada: “It is said that Kagome Kagome is a metaphor for the Star of David.”
Kaito: “Wait... But Kagome Kagome is just a kid's song, isn't it?”
Sawada: “I believe I already told you. They have existed for well over 200 years.”
Sawada: “Both the Committee of 300 and the Illuminati were established in the 1700s.”
Sawada: “Japan was still in the middle of the Edo period at the time.”
Sawada: “It would not be strange for those invisible rulers to have extended their tentacles into the Far East—into the Golden Land, so to speak.”
Kaito: “Then... is it the Committee of 300 that's sending Kagome Kagome to everyone's PokeComs?”
Sawada: “Presently, I believe that it is their method of signalling to begin experimentation.”
Kaito: “Experimentation...”
More experiments...
Sawada: “We are witnessing the display of a fabricated reality on a global scale.”
Sawada: “Propaganda... No, let me rephrase. It is something far more powerful than that. Brainwashing. A whole new level of augmenting reality.”
Sawada: “At this very moment, all manner of propaganda are being implemented in real-time. The reality of the common people is being distorted.”
Sawada: “An artificial paradigm shift attributed to the manipulation of information.”
Sawada: “One could say all previous experiments up until this point were held for this very day.”
Sawada: “This is the harbinger of Project Atum.”
Project Atum...
Kaito: “...What is manipulating information supposed to accomplish?”
Kaito: “The news that Odaiba collapsed will be exposed for the lie that it is within the day. Then what?”
Kaito: “Something like this can't get billions of people killed.”
Sawada: “Are you aware of what brought about the global chaos that has been occuring over the past several hours?”
Sawada immediately changes the subject.
Kaito: “A solar storm, right? The biggest one we've seen yet, even stronger than the Crash of '15. Because of it, electronic devices can't be used, and the chaos—”
Sawada: “There has been no solar storm.”
Kaito: “...Huh?”
What is he trying to say...?
Kaito: “But... NASA publicized the data... And the media reported on—”
Sawada: “NASA has been under the Committee of 300's thumb ever since its creation.”
Sawada: “The mass media is also no exception. They are the vanguard of information manipulation.”
Kaito: “There hasn't been a storm...?”
Sawada: “No, yet the world has fallen into chaos over this false information.”
Sawada: “This is the fabricated reality propaganda has brought.”
Sawada: “You, too, are experiencing it at this very moment.”
Sawada: “A giant pillar emitting light. The sky erupting into a vast sea of rainbow. The media panicking over Odaiba's collapse.”
Sawada: “And yet here we are, having a perfectly normal conversation. PokeComs also function as normal.”
Kaito: “A fabricated reality...”
Sawada: “Normally, nobody would ever believe that Odaiba had collapsed.”
Sawada: “But thanks to the spread of PokeComs and ‘IRUO.’, the entire world easily bought into this false narrative.”
Sawada: “To the people of the world, ‘IRUO.’ is now more real than reality itself.”
Sawada: “If images of a collapsed Odaiba are uploaded to ‘IRUO.’, even if only half of users believe what they see...”
Sawada: “That alone is over one billion people.”
Sawada: “If that many people truly believe something, reality becomes unstable. That is how ill-defined concepts like ‘common knowledge’ are.”
Sawada: “Fabricated information can easily take the place of reality.”
Sawada: “Simply observe the history of mankind. History has always been written by the victors. That applies and extends to this very day.”
Kaito: “You make it sound like PokeCom and ‘IRUO.’ are involved in this whole conspiracy.”
Kaito: “That seems like one hell of a reach.”
If you go that far, you might as well say that every product in the world is part of some master plan.
Kaito: “Alright, then is the robot boom also part of this ‘propaganda’?”
Sawada: “That is correct.”
I was being facetious, but Sawada replies quickly without a hint of a smile.
Sawada: “Did you not find it unnatural how the Gunvarrel anime became such a worldwide hit? How it brought with it the subsequent robot boom?”
Sawada: “There have been countless mecha anime produced over the years. Why would this one in particular become such an explosive hit, reaching heights far beyond its competitors?”
Is he trying to say that this was propaganda too?
I mean, I'm pretty sure you could just call that good advertising, right?
Sawada: “The robot boom stands out as the far more unnatural occurence between the two.”
Sawada: “Reason being that bipedal robots are a selection of culture that was cultivated in and does not extend beyond Japan.”
Sawada: “It is a niche field of research in the rest of the world. If you examine other countries such as America, you will find that they chose to prioritize four and six-legged robots.”
Sawada: “Companies do not operate for the sake of romanticism. Despite this, the number of bipedal research firms has exploded in recent years.”
Sawada: “It is reasonable to assume the Committee was at work behind the scenes. There are traces of vast sums of money being moved around.”
Kaito: “Why would the Committee of 300 push for robot development?”
Sawada: “To make Project Mars a reality.”
Sawada: “Upon Project Atum's completion, the population would be culled to one billion. The technological advancement of bipedal robots will allow maintenance of human society.”
Sawada: “At any rate, the Committee's ultimate goal is the completion of Project Atum.”
Sawada: “X-Day is soon approaching.”
Sawada: “The fate of five billion people will be determined in the days to come...”
