After exploding into a rainbow of colors, the sky is back to its normal, pale blue color.
The radiance that seemed like it could engulf the entire world has vanished from the giant Grand Obelisk.
It all happened so quickly that it even felt a little anticlimactic.
After all, considering the largest solar storm in history just hit, I was fully prepared for Project Atum to kick off right then and there.
...But I can't let my guard down just yet.
We got hit just like the Kimijima Reports said we would.
I checked Twipo and the news, and it looks like the world is in utter chaos right now.
The storm is of a clearly much higher magnitude than the one that hit Tokyo back in November.
If the Committee of 300 were to start their terrorist plot right now, there'd be nothing stopping them.
Kimijima Kou's warning was right.
He knew this would happen and gave us the time to prepare.
But in the end, there was barely any point in leaking the reports.
I couldn't be any more frustrated if I tried.
After all, even I underestimated how bad this would get.
I made the baseless assumption that the storm probably wouldn't arrive during the Expo.
Despite Kimijima Kou constantly warning me otherwise.
I treated the warning that he gave his life for too lightly.
Frau was right. I should've just gone into hiding on Tanegashima and prepared for all of this; terrorism and assassins included.
Kaito: “...”
Misa-nee's smiling face appeared in the back of my mind.
It was the same gentle smile that we saw whenever she was on TV.
And yet after finally seeing her after seven years, that smile sends a chill down my spine.
Was she smiling like that while she was planning the terrorist attack?
Misa-nee... what happened to you...?
I grit my teeth and look around.
The people who evacuated the chaos of the Expo venue are still unsettled, worried that something else'll happen.
The park is filled with people; not just Expo visitors, but also those who were just visiting in general. There had to be over ten thousand of them.
Among them, some are covered with injuries.
There are people sitting down on the ground, bleeding.
It's been nearly an hour since all hell broke loose in the Expo Arena, but there's no sign of the police or any ambulances.
Before the solar storm hit, I know for a fact that I heard sirens approaching. I know I did.
Where in the hell did they go...?
And then there are the power outages. Lights are out all over Odaiba.
Tokyo's suffering from yet another massive blackout.
It's not too bad right now since it's the middle of the day, but just thinking about the night makes me shudder.
Evacuee A: “Why the hell don't I have any service?!”
Evacuee B: “Shit...! Even the emergency number's no good... We can't call for ambulances.”
I can hear people murmuring amongst themselves.
It's been like this for nearly an hour.
But yeah, the phones don't work.
If the general phone lines and the internet ones are both unavailable, that's definitely not normal.
That's why I haven't been able to get in touch with Mitchie or Mr. Candy.
Everything about this situation sucks ass.
It's not like I can do jack shit right now. All I can do is sit around and think about how bad things really are.
I click my tongue and crouch down on the spot.
Sitting down, I feel the chill of the cold street directly against my skin.
Right in front of me, Akiho sits clutching her knees with a vacant expression on her face.
Akiho: “...”
I've never seen her this sad before.
I've been trying to talk to her, but she doesn't respond.
I tried to stand her up, but all she did was weakly shake her head no.
I can't blame her...
Misa-nee did something awful.
Her dream to enter the Expo and show off her club's robot was crushed in less than a week by her own beloved sister.
And it wasn't just Akiho.
Misa-nee hurt me and Mizuka-san too.
...I won't let her get away with this.
But at the same time, I don't want to believe that she would do all this.
Both of these feelings swirl within me.
I'm getting so upset that I can't help but wrap my arms around myself.
Goddammit... I'm trembling and everything. How pathetic.
The Expo Arena terrorism.
When it was happening, all I could do was watch in stunned silence, completely paralyzed.
Thinking back on it, it terrifies me how helpless I was in the midst of all that destruction.
One wrong step and I could have died on the spot.
The despair I felt in that moment lingers with me even now.
The intense shockwaves hitting my body.
The screams of fleeing people only further amplifying the fear.
The physically revolting appearance of that six-legged, giant spider crawling after Akiho.
I don't know how I survived...
But it's even more of a miracle that Akiho made it out unharmed.
She recklessly tried to use Model-2 to stop Misa-nee. If it wasn't her sister, she'd have probably been killed.
The former Madam President is too goddamn reckless.
If Akiho had died...
Just imagining it makes my chest ache, even more than imagining my own death.
I can't even imagine my life without Akiho.
She's always been with me.
I bet it's similar to the feeling of having a twin.
It's not a matter of whether I like or dislike her. She's just there. She's a constant.
Losing Akiho is the one thing I don't want to imagine.
I grind my teeth.
I shouldn't think about that right now.
My mental state isn't doing so hot.
Sumio: “Yoooo! Kaito-kun! Akiho-chan!”
Snap back to reality.
I raise my head toward the voice only to find Mr. Candy stomping over to us and waving his hand.
His voice and physique are large, so he stands out even amidst this sea of people.
Kaito: “President...!”
Sumio: “I'm glad you two are safe. I was worried.”
Just seeing a face I know puts me at ease.
I can feel the string of tension within me loosen a little.
Kaito: “Likewise, sir.”
Taro: “Boing-chan!”
Kaito: “Er... you too, parakeet.”
Wait, he actually brought his bird to Tokyo?
Sumio: “Everything went down just as I hopped out of my taxi in Odaiba.”
Sumio: “I've been wandering around looking for you guys ever since.”
Sumio: “Where's Mitsuhiko?”
Kaito: “He's missing. You can't get in touch with him?”
Sumio: “I tried calling him a few times, but it wouldn't go through.”
Figures...
Sumio: “More importantly, have you guys checked the internet?”
Sumio: “They're freaking out about how some part of Odaiba collapsed or something.”
Sumio: “Good lord, what gobbledygook.”
Kaito: “It's gotta be fake. Info is probably getting all jumbled up because electronic devices are dead.”
Kaito: “Still, it's pretty sad that the mass media can't tell the difference.”
Sumio: “Hrm. Electronic devices are dead, you say?”
Sumio: “About that, Kaito... Don't you think it's strange?”
Sumio: “My PokeCom is perfectly fine.”
Kaito: “...What?”
Mr. Candy's comment hits me like a ton of bricks.
He's exactly right.
Hell, I saw the news about Odaiba collapsing on my own PokeCom.
I can see Twipo like normal.
I can post and everything.
It's just the phone lines that aren't connecting. Is that because of the power outages?
Kaito: “What's going on...?”
Kaito: “Last year when the storm hit, I heard that PokeComs were completely useless.”
Sumio: “No matter how you look at it, the whole thing doesn't sit right with me. It's like someone's pulled the wool over our eyes.”
Sumio: “Oh, and I used the street view function in ‘IRUO.’ to look around earlier, right?”
Sumio: “It was all really strange.”
Kaito: “How so?”
Sumio: “Have a look for yourself.”
Before he even finished speaking, I booted up ‘IRUO.’ on my PokeCom.
Kaito: “Whoa, what the heck is this?!”
Within the world of ‘IRUO.’, Odaiba is a literal warzone.
The roads are flooded. The Expo Arena, Fujisan TV, and various other buildings have been destroyed. Bridges have collapsed and wreckage is scattered all over the place.
Kaito: “Everything but the current state of the Expo Arena is totally fake...”
This isn't reality.
The Odaiba that exists on the internet right now is nothing more than a lie.
Kaito: “...This is real bad.”
Sumio: “Pretty elaborate, isn't it? Who would be capable of doing such a thing?”
Anyone can post images to ‘IRUO.’ after registering.
There have been fake images like this uploaded before.
When that happens, other users will report it, and the administrators will erase it.
Is this another example of that?
Maybe administration isn't functioning due to all the chaos? That's probably why the fake images haven't been taken down.
Kaito: “These fake images of destruction uploaded to ‘IRUO.’ must be the source of the fake news.”
Kaito: “The mass media took it as reality and started reporting on it in their hysteria, spreading the misinformation.”
Did nobody doubt what they were seeing?
Kaito: “Or is this more propaganda...?”
The thought appears in the back of my mind.
It's possible that the Tavistock Institute is manufacturing and spreading propaganda worldwide.
In that case...
Has Project Atum already begun...?
Kaito: “How does everywhere else look?”
Sumio: “Tokyo has a lot of robots. I didn't notice it that much after staying here for 10 days, but...”
Sumio: “I felt it far more than usual today. You know, that this city is swarming with robots and all.”
He's right. There are a lot of robots.
I thought as much when I came last year.
There are life-size service robots all over. They're what caused the ‘Robot Uprising’ last November.
Even the recently opened Aqualiner has a service robot sitting in its driver's seat.
It's pretty crazy considering the Yurikamome automatic traffic system has been in service for over 15 years without drivers or robots.
The Aqualiner took the complete opposite approach by immediately bringing them on.
The Metro Expressway Bayside Route has robots standing at the toll booths, and guidance robots populate Odaiba.
This was all done with the express purpose of promoting the Expo.
In order to strengthen the appeal of the Expo, Tokyo spent quite a lot in taxes in order to promote the spread of service robots. This was all written in the Expo pamphlets.
Actually, that reminds me... I haven't seen a single robot since the storm hit about 30 minutes ago.
After last November, all of them should be equipped with solar storm countermeasures.
Did they stop working because of the power outage?
Or wait, don't tell me...
Kaito: “Are the robots going berserk again?”
Sumio: “Nope. I didn't see a single person getting attacked.”
Sumio: “That being said...”
Sumio: “The station was closed off, with robots there guiding people along.”
Sumio: “Robots were also closing off the exit for the parking garage, so nobody could get their cars out.”
Sumio: “Same for the Rainbow Bridge entrance. The robots were saying that it's too dangerous to pass.”
Kaito: “...”
Sumio: “It feels like the robots have completely locked us in.”
Sumio: “It's a tad creepy, don't you think?”
Kaito: “...”
Sumio: “I'm probably just overthinking it, though. Gahaha!”
Taro: “Show me the boings! Boings!”
Why is he laughing...?
This isn't something to laugh about.
How long can those robots function with the power out?
I'm pretty sure they need to be charged at regular intervals.
Sumio: “More importantly, what's that huge pillar?”
Kaito: “Apparently it's the Grand Obelisk.”
Sumio: “Is it... real?”
Kaito: “Doesn't appear to be an illusion or a mirage or anything like that.”
Sumio: “Perhaps we should get closer to its base. I'd like to take a look.”
Kaito: “I dunno, it seems pretty far away.”
... It also sprouted out from the middle of Tokyo Bay. You'd have to go for a swim to get anywhere close.
Kaito: “President, can you stay here and watch Aki-chan for a little while?”
Sumio: “Hm? Sure, I don't mind, but where are you off to?”
Kaito: “I'm just going to take a look around.”
Sumio: “I see. Be careful. Don't do anything dangerous.”
I nod, then turn to Akiho.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, I'll be right back, so wait right here with the president.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho weakly raises her head.
She looks up at me with pleading eyes and grabs my hand.
Akiho: “Kai... Stay here...”
Kaito: “Don't worry, I'll be right back. I promise.”
I gently let go of her trembling hand and stand up.
I leave Akiho behind and make my way to the Expo Arena.
The scars of destruction are vivid and graphic. You can see the extent of it even from the outside.
I'm going back because something's been weighing heavily on my mind.
About what Akiho said after the spider HUG destroyed Model-2.
Akiho: “Big Sis... isn't here.”
Akiho: “She disappeared...”
I have no clue where Misa-nee ran off to.
But I have to look for her.
I need to find her and press her for the truth.
It's possible that the roof could collapse further, but I don't have the luxury of being scared.
Misa-nee might still be hiding inside.
I need to go.
She might be long gone by now, but this is the only place I can think of to search.
Even in the corridor, parts of the wall are broken, with chunks of rubble strewn about.
The venue is completely deserted, as if the hustle and bustle from a few hours ago never happened...
Kaito: “?!”
I hear something and hide behind a pillar.
Someone's here.
I quietly peek out.
Kaito: “It's him...!”
Sawada Toshiyuki...
He sits with his back to the wall, not moving.
We parted ways when Misa-nee's spider HUG started its rampage.
Has he been here the whole time?
There are devices I've never seen scattered about at his feet.
What are those things?
I grit my teeth.
I need to know who he really is.
The Section Chief of Exoskeleton Company's HUG Testing Department.
A man with connections to the Tavistock Institute. Misa-nee's superior.
But earlier today, he pointed his gun at her.
Was he trying to stop her before she went berserk?
Or was it some kind of infighting?
Kaito: “...Let's do this.”
I gulp.
Then feel around to check for the hard object I'm keeping underneath my clothes.
The gun I took from him earlier.
