The clear sound of applause echoes across the dark runway.
Without breaking his smile, Kimijima Kou claps his hands, gun still drawn on Airi.
This is his response to Akiho's courageous declaration.
Kimijima Kou: “In other words...”
Kimijima Kou: “You're saying that you'll murder your sister with your own two hands.”
Kimijima Kou: “How incredibly straightforward you are. I like that in a girl.”
Kimijima Kou: “The world is filled with people who hide their true feelings behind a mask they choose to wear whenever it's convenient.”
Kimijima Kou: “But I see. How unfortunate.”
Kimijima Kou: “To choose the path of killing a loved one in order to save the world.”
Kimijima Kou: “It is indeed courageous, yet it is also quite barbaric, and most certainly cruel.”
Kimijima Kou scoffs at us.
He once again places his hand over Airi's. The one holding the gun.
Airi's finger is already on the trigger.
The muzzle is still pressed against her temple.
Kimijima Kou: “In that case, let's make this a learning experience! Allow me to show you the consequences of your actions.”
No!
Kaito: “Let Airi go. She has nothing to do with this.”
Kimijima Kou: “Oh, on the contrary. She has everything to do with this.”
Kimijima Kou: “Up until this very moment, she has always been my hostage.”
Kimijima Kou: “The hostage that you chose to abandon.”
Akiho: “Stop...!”
Kimijima Kou: “This was your decision.”
Kimijima Kou: “You endlessly cruel, cruel souls chose to save the world in exchange for this dear child's life.”
Mitsuhiko: “Stop!”
Kimijima Kou: “Which is why I shall show her no mercy.”
Kimijima Kou: “I need you all to understand very well what fate awaits you.”
Kimijima Kou: “What will happen when you face Misaki on Tanegashima.”
Kimijima Kou: “You mustn't avert your eyes.”
Kimijima Kou: “You must see this through to the end. The fate of the life you threw away.”
Even from this distance, I can tell.
The finger that Airi has on the trigger has begun to tense up.
Kaito: “Stop...”
If she squeezes any further...
Airi's going to die.
Kimijima Kou: “How sad. After 10 long years, you've finally been awoken from your slumber. And for what? Just to die.”
Kimijima Kou: “If you want to resent someone, resent these people for trying to become the saviors of the world.”
Kimijima Kou: “Farewell, Airi.”
Kaito: “Stop!”
Taro: “Boing-chan!”
Kimijima Kou: “?!”
Suddenly, a rainbow colored bullet with a strange voice zips across my field of vision.
That bullet flies directly at Airi.
It snatches the gun from her hand and soars high into the air.
Taro: “Not boing-chan!”
Sumio: “Thatta boy, Taro! Gahahaha!”
Mitsuhiko: “Uncle's parakeet?!”
What the hell...?!
Airi's life was in the hands of that bird?!
What would've happened if he screwed up?!
I internally curse up a storm as I dash toward Airi.
As if her strings had been cut, Airi collapses to the floor, powerless.
Looks like she's been freed from Kimijima Kou's spell.
I hurriedly pick Airi up.
Her body is shockingly light.
Mitsuhiko: “That Kimijima Kou bastard disappeared...!”
Mitchie is using his PokeCom to look around.
Did Kimijima Kou really withdraw?
I doubt it. He must be waiting for us on Tanegashima.
Akiho: “Let's take this chance to get outta here!”
We all nod in response to Akiho's suggestion.
I rush into the plane with Airi on my back.
The sexual harassment parakeet also comes flying in, handgun in its claws.
After checking to make sure everyone's on board, we stow the airstair.
With the door closed and locked tight, I shout toward the cockpit.
Kaito: “Dad! Take off!”
The propellers start spinning, slowly at first, then they gradually gain speed.
I sit Airi down in one of the seats and fasten the seatbelt.
The aircraft starts to slowly bus toward the runway.
After making sure Airi is secure, I plant myself next to Akiho.
I fasten my seatbelt, take a deep breath, and Akiho puts her hand over mine.
Her hand is shaking like crazy.
Akiho: “Kai...”
She says my name, but immediately hangs her head low.
Akiho: “Pilot Gunbuild-1.”
Akiho's tearing up again. She's doing everything in her power not to burst into tears.
Our fingers intertwine and she grips my hand tightly.
Her nails are digging into me.
It hurts, but I can deal with it.
Akiho: “Use GunBuild-1 to beat Big Sis.”
Akiho: “Please...”
Kaito: “I got this.”
Kaito: “That was my plan from the start.”
Shigemi: “We are now prepared for takeoff. We will be departing as soon as possible.”
Shigemi: “JAC Special Flight. Departing at 9:23 p.m, nonstop flight to Tanegashima.”
Shigemi: “Due to emergency circumstances, we have no flight plan. There may be unexpected climbs, falls, or course changes.”
Shigemi: “But don't worry. I'll get you all to Tanegashima no matter what.”
Shigemi: “We might only be together for a short time, but please enjoy your flight.”
Shigemi: “And Kaito... I'm proud of you.”
Shigemi: “Take care of Aki-chan and Misa-chan.”
Kaito: “Yeah. I know.”
The engine starts to roar.
The plane suddenly accelerates. I can feel the G-force pushing down on my entire body.
The plane's frame inclines diagonally, and the ground outside the window slowly grows distant.
Farewell, Tokyo.
I'll see you again, I'm sure.
But now, it's time to head home.
Even if there's a war waiting for us there...
It's time to return to the island that time itself had left behind—the island where we were born.
