The sun's gone down.
Even at night, the Grand Obelisk floats up in the darkness.
The moon illuminating the night is thin and waning.
This might be the quietest night I've ever seen in Tokyo.
Is it because of the lack of cars?
Until yesterday, the city was lit up to a dazzling degree, but there are almost no lights tonight.
It's extremely dark out.
That said, it's still brighter than Tanegashima at night.
On the opposite shore, the heart of Tokyo's 23 wards looks darker than usual too.
I wonder when this place'll recover from the blackout...
God, this is so frustrating...!
How much of Sawada's words were true, and how much of it was just his delusions?
I can't sort it out right now.
Sawada and Kimijima Kou.
There's no way for me to check who's right or wrong, and it's not like I can fix the blackout myself.
I've been walking around Odaiba all night trying to figure out my next move.
It took me a while, but I concluded that I'd have to walk all the way to Haneda Airport.
Compared to daytime, there are much fewer people walking around.
Most people have are hiding out indoors at places like Expo Arena SKY, Fujisan TV, hotels, shopping malls, etc.
In Odaiba, there was a clear distinction between who wanted to leave and who wanted to stay.
Seems like most of the people who decided to leave headed in the direction of Harumi to reach the city center.
Not being able to use a car is a pretty big deal.
The cars on the road are able to move normally, so almost all of them left Odaiba. I hardly see any left.
The giant parking garages are something else, though.
I guess the people who parked in there had to give up on getting their cars. The garages have electronic locks.
There are service robots blocking both the exits and entrances. They're oddly firm about it, so no one's getting in or out.
I'm sure you could probably force your car through.
But nobody's even tried.
Are they just assuming it'd be impossible?
I guess people are assuming that if electronic devices are unusable because of the storm, then cars would be too...
This is absurd.
There are still over 100,000 people in Odaiba.
Not a single one of them thought to force their car through?
Is this another effect of the propaganda?
Back in the hotel lobby, Mr. Candy informs me that Akiho is resting in our room.
Kaito: “Aki-chan? Are you awake?”
The door wasn't locked.
So, when I enter without knocking...
I see Akiho sitting on the bed, clutching her knees.
Kaito: “Aki-chan?”
Akiho: “Knock...”
Kaito: “Relax. Don't worry about that at a time like this.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Kai... I'm sorry.”
Akiho's voice was barely audible.
Akiho: “Right now, I want you to leave me alone...”
Kaito: “Why?”
Akiho: “...Because my face is a mess.”
Akiho: “I don't want you to see me like this...”
Kaito: “...”
She's been like this ever since we left the Expo Arena.
That said, I have no intention of doing as told.
I start packing up my things from the corner of the room.
Kaito: “I get how you feel, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “I know how much you love Misa-nee.”
Kaito: “And yet that same person destroyed the robot you worked so hard to build with your friends. You'd have to be crazy to not be torn up over this.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “But, if you fall apart here, it wouldn't be like the ridiculously optimistic Aki-chan I know.”
Kaito: “It's times like this that the normal you would bust out a Gunvarrel line. A blast of—”
Akiho: “That's not me! I'm not optimistic at all!”
Akiho raises her head and screams at me hysterically.
Her sharp glare pierces through me.
I'm actually a little surprised.
I've never seen Akiho snap like this.
Akiho: “I want to cry all the time!”
Akiho: “I wanted to try calling Big Sis every single day, but I didn't because I was too afraid she'd hate me!”
Akiho: “I could've gone to see her any time I wanted, but I didn't!”
Akiho: “I was scared...!”
Akiho: “I was too scared...”
Akiho: “Kai, I... For seven years, I've been scared to death of seeing my sister again...!”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “Sob...”
Akiho: “It's all because of what she said to me before she left the island...”
Akiho: “That no matter what I do, I'll always be ordinary.”
Akiho: “I was always afraid... Afraid that from her point of view, I was just a pathetic, annoying little sister...”
Akiho isn't even trying to hold back her tears anymore.
How much has she cried today?
Too much. Her eyes are swollen and red.
Akiho: “I should've... never...”
Akiho: “I should've never come to Tokyo...”
Akiho: “I should've never built that robot...”
Akiho: “I should've never seen my sister...”
Akiho: “I should've never had a dream...”
Akiho: “Sob...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “You don't want to see Misa-nee one more time and tell her everything properly this time?”
Akiho: “...I don't want to see her anymore...”
Akiho: “And even if I did, she wouldn't even look at me...”
Akiho: “I just can't... Not anymore...”
Akiho: “I'm tired...”
Akiho: “I want to be alone for a little while...”
Kaito: “Hmph.”
Kaito: “In that case, feel free to mope around as much as you want in here.”
Kaito: “But I'm not gonna sit here and watch, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “Quite frankly, I'm disappointed.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Akiho: “Don't say things like that...”
I lift up my bag after I finished stuffing it full of the essentials.
Kaito: “I'm going to do whatever I can to get home.”
Akiho: “Huh...?”
Akiho: “Home...? Sniff... What are you gonna do?”
Kaito: “It's very likely that Misa-nee is on Tanegashima right now.”
Akiho: “...!”
Akiho: “No... way...”
Kaito: “I'm going to go see her.”
Kaito: “Later.”
Akiho: “Ah, K-Kai...!”
Akiho panics and tumbles off of the bed.
But instead of helping her up, I immediately exit the room.
Every minute, every second counts.
First thing's first: I need to get to the airport.
I tell Mr. Candy to take care of Akiho, then I leave the hotel and check my map.
The quickest way to Haneda Airport is by riding the Aqualiner, but it's unfortunately out of service.
By foot, I have three paths available to me.
Route A: I cross the Rainbow Bridge. Then, I walk south along the coast from Shinagawa. However, the bridge is closed, so that won't work.
Route B: The Shuto Expressway Bayshore Route via the Tokyo Bay Tunnel. It's the shortest route back to the island.
It's a highway, so it'd normally be off-limits to pedestrians, but considering it's closed for traffic right now, there won't be any cars. That could be my chance.
Route C: From Aomi, I'll take the Tokyo Port Rinkai Tunnel, exiting out at Heiwajima. It isn't a highway, but it isn't meant for pedestrians either.
Kaito: “Let's go with the most obvious choice.”
Right below the bridge, I can see the Bayshore Route shrouded in darkness.
It'd be safe to assume it's dark inside the tunnel, too. Glad I brought a flashlight with me.
Akiho: “Kai...! Wait...!”
Akiho comes chasing after me.
Once she catches up, she grabs onto my arm and clings to it.
Akiho: “Hey, wait...!”
Akiho: “How are you going to get back to the island alone?”
Kaito: “First, I need to get to Haneda. I'll figure things out from there.”
Kaito: “It'll take me about three hours to get there on foot.”
Akiho: “But... there aren't any planes flying...”
Kaito: “Who knows? Maybe flights to Kagoshima will suddenly get restored.”
Kaito: “It doesn't have to be Kagoshima. I'm fine with anywhere on Kyushu.”
Kaito: “Either way, I have to go see Misa-nee, no matter what it takes.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, you read them too, right? The Kimijima Reports.”
Kaito: “You know about Project Atum.”
Kaito: “It's possible that Misa-nee is in the process of making that into a reality.”
Kaito: “She's trying to use a TNSC rocket to kill five billion people.”
Akiho: “...!”
Akiho's eyes widen as she shakes her head in denial.
I grab her by the shoulders and look her straight in the eyes.
Kaito: “Right now, we're the only ones in the world who know that.”
Kaito: “That's why I'm going to the island.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Akiho: “Do you... love... my Big Sis?”
Wh-What the hell? I-Is this really the time or place for this?
Why would she suddenly ask me that now, of all times?
Kaito: “...”
Whatever. It doesn't matter.
Kaito: “Yeah. I used to.”
After I say that, I pull Aki in close.
Kaito: “But that's not why I'm doing this.”
Kaito: “I'm not even doing this to save the world.”
Kaito: “It's a lot more selfish and trivial than that.”
Kaito: “I'm going so I can settle things with Misa-nee.”
Akiho: “Settle things? What do you mean?”
Kaito: “This is a match. To me, that is. ”
Kaito: “I lost the first round. Pretty badly, at that.”
Kaito: “But I refuse to sit here and let her mock me any longer.”
I was always the one doing the chasing.
I was determined to surpass her.
And reaching the top would mean that I finally did.
I am who I am now because I believed that.
I've spent my entire life chasing after this distant goal, never thinking of anything else.
Kaito: “I'm not gonna let her quit while she's ahead.”
Kaito: “Before she kills five billion people, I'm going to make her face me in one more match.”
Kaito: “And if I win, I'll be the best in the world...!”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Kaito: “What about you, Aki-chan?”
Kaito: “Are you okay with losing to Misa-nee?”
Kaito: “Are you going to let her become the worst mass-murderer in human history?”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “F-Five billion people... That's...”
Akiho: “This is too much for me...”
I can feel Akiho's back trembling.
Akiho: “This isn't a burden we can carry...”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai... No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to do anything about this...”
Akiho: “Let's just stop...”
Akiho: “We can just stay here until it's safe.”
Akiho's still down for the count.
It'll probably take her a while longer before she gets back on her feet.
Looks like I'll have to leave her here...
Kaito: “...?”
What was that...?
An sound cuts through the silence and assaults my eardrums, getting closer as it continues to screech.
Is that the shriek of car tires?
Before long, I see a light coming from deep inside the Tokyo Bay tunnel.
It's pair of headlights.
A single car is flying through the tunnel at breakneck speed.
Wait, if they can give me a ride, then maybe I can get to Haneda that way...
I let go of Akiho and peer down underneath the bridge.
Emerging from the tunnel...
...Is an ugly, run-down, white station wagon.
It jostles and shakes violently as it zooms along, before it randomly screeches to a stop in the middle of the road almost directly below me.
The driver's side door opens.
With all the highway lights off, I can't make out the person from the top of the bridge.
Kaito: “Excuse me!”
Kaito: “Could you give me a ride to Haneda Airport?!”
I make the request knowing full well that they might say no.
Mitsuhiko: “What the...? Is that Yashio and Little Senomiya?!”
The driver somehow identifies us by name.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, you guys! I can't drive straight while I'm going that fast! That's a pro tip!”
That definitely doesn't qualify as a pro tip... Hey, wait a second...!
Kaito: “Mitchie?!”
I strain my eyes.
The figure steps in front of the headlights.
There's no mistake, the man that appears before us in all of his tracksuit glory is the very same delinquent teacher we couldn't get in touch with for the life of us.
Mitsuhiko: “Go get my uncle! We're headin' home!”
As he said that, Mitchie shot me a thumbs up as if to tell me he already knows everything.
