Sawada: “The ultimate goal of Project Atum is to interfere with the Sun's activity and cause an artificial solar flare.”
Sawada: “The method is written in detail in the Kimijima Reports. Of course, you would know that.”
Sawada: “Gasses and plasma carried from the Sun by a solar storm form an ultrahigh speed jetstream which collides with the Earth's magnetosphere.”
Sawada: “This can potentially cause a magnetic realignment phenomenon called a magnetosphere substorm.”
Sawada: “This substorm is what they are aiming to produce artificially.”
He's right. That's what's written in the reports.
Sawada: “Its magnitude cannot even be compared to a solar storm. As an extreme example, you can think of it like the Earth getting directly scorched by a solar flare.”
Sawada: “However, the specific process for making one happen was intentionally left out of the Kimijima Reports.”
Kaito: “Maybe Kimijima Kou just didn't know the specifics?”
Sawada: “...No.”
Sawada lets out a small sigh.
It's like he's tired of dealing with someone who doesn't understand his lecture.
...What does he expect from a rural high school student?
Sawada: “Four months ago, a certain item was stolen from SERN.”
Kaito: “SERN...?”
Sawada: “The European Organization for Nuclear Research, located on the border of Switzerland and France.”
Sawada: “It is possible that the stolen item was a weapon developed in absolute secrecy.”
Sawada: “A BHB... A Black Hole Bomb.”
Holy... That sounds incredibly dangerous from the name alone...
Kaito: “I-Is this SERN place a facility for building bombs?”
Sawada: “No. But there have been suspicious rumors surrounding it ever since its establishment.”
Sawada: “I received info from my acquaintances that it is directly operated by the Committee. It seems they even tried to build a time machine at one point in time.”
A time machine...?
C'mon, this isn't some trashy novel.
Sawada: “Returning to the BHB... Once detonated, it creates a miniature black hole that sucks in everything around it, taking special care not to leave a single speck of dust.”
Sawada: “Nuclear weapons do not even compare in terms of instantaneous explosive energy.”
Sawada: “This is not something that should cross the hands of man. We have stepped into God's domain.”
Kaito: “They're going to use that to kill everyone?!”
Kaito: “But hold on, something like that shouldn't cause a magnetosphere substorm, right?”
Sawada: “Indeed. Setting it off on the surface would only serve to annihilate an area about the size of the Kanto region at most.”
Kaito: “At most...? Why would you—”
Sawada: “They are planning something far worse. Something far more efficient.”
Sawada: “They are planning to detonate the BHB not on the surface of the earth, but in space.”
I see... so they're going to use the BHB to emulate a solar storm coming into contact with the Earth's magnetosphere?
Sawada: “It is a place known commonly as a ‘flash point’. A location right between the Earth and the Moon, about 130,000 kilometers from Earth.”
Sawada: “That is where the solar storm and the Earth's magnetosphere collide.”
Sawada: “By detonating a BHB there, it is virtually guaranteed to generate a substorm in the Earth's magnetosphere.”
Sawada: “It would hit the entirety of the Earth, resulting in the deaths of five billion people, as stated in the Kimijima Reports.”
I can't help but gulp.
Sawada: “It may also result in monopoles raining down on the planet, much like at the park near your house.”
This guy... He even knew about that...?!
Sawada: “These numerous monopoles would be controlled and managed by the Committee, and humanity would enter a new, 21st century Industrial Revolution.”
Sawada: “All of this is included in the plot detailed by Project Atum.”
Sawada: “The chaos right now is essentially a smokescreen so they can launch the BHB into space undetected.”
Kaito: “But how... And from where...?”
Wait, how heavy would a BHB even be?
If it can cause an absurd disaster that affects the entire planet, something that powerful would have to be huge, right?
I doubt it'd be something you can carry in a rucksack.
And with our current level of technology, we only have one way of sending stuff into space...
A rocket.
The puzzle pieces in my head start to fall into place, taking the shape of a black rocket.
Kaito: “No... That rocket being assembled at the TNSC right now is gonna be used to—”
Sawada: “How very perceptive of you.”
Sawada: “I was unsure before Senomiya stabbed me in the back, but I am now. There can be no doubt.”
Sawada: “They plan to launch the BHB from Tanegashima.”
