Airi is acting weird.
I could barely make out what Kimijima Kou was saying.
But I know for a fact that he's destroying Airi's heart.
Her eyes are open wide and convulsing.
Tears fall endlessly from both eyes, her face a sickly pale.
Her entire body is trembling, and she continues to sob voicelessly.
Just watching her in so much pain is making my heart ache.
This isn't good. At this rate, we'll be repeating the incident at Chofu Airport.
But with all these guns pointed at us, neither Nae-san nor I can move a muscle.
I should've never brought Airi here...!
Sister Centipede: “...”
Kaito: “Sister Centipede!”
Sister Centipede continues to watch us from the tower. She hasn't moved the entire time.
As long as Sister Centipede remains under Kimijima Kou's control, I doubt she'll listen to anything we have to say.
I can't come up with a way to simultaneously destroy all 10 drones locked on us.
I still have a score to settle with Misa-nee. I can't just die here!
But...
I also can't leave Airi behind either...!
Which means... this is war.
It takes about two giant steps from where I'm standing to reach Airi.
That should be enough.
I won't let Kimijima Kou have his way...
Nae: “No, Kaito-kun!”
I turn toward Airi.
I lean forward and focus all of my strength into my feet.
Kimijima Kou: “Kill him.”
This time, I'm able to hear Kimijima Kou's voice loud and clear.
Kimijima Kou: “Kill both of them.”
The drones' guns are already trained directly on me.
I'm not gonna make it.
I'm going to be turned into swiss cheese before I can take two steps.
But...
Kaito: “Sister Centipede!”
Just as I lift my toes off the ground to take off...
Sister Centipede: “Nocchiyo...”
Sister Centipede begins to utter nonsense.
Sister Centipede: “What does that mean?”
The first step...
Kaito: “It means goodbye, see you tomorrow!”
Sister Centipede: “Thank you very much.”
Kimijima Kou: “Kill him.”
Simultaneously, the sound of gunfire rings out.
The second step...
My hand grabs Airi's wrist.
Got her!
I forcefully pull her trembling body into my arms.
Airi: “...”
All tension leaves her body.
I got away unscathed, too...
Not a single hole in me.
It's then that a violent blast of heat suddenly assaults my body.
The 10 drones that were hovering in the air all explode one after the other.
Nae: “Friendly fire? Why would they...?”
Nae: “Were they acting on Sister Centipede's orders? Did she save us?”
Kimijima Kou: “Are you betraying your master, Sister Centipede?”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Kimijima Kou: “I won't tolerate such selfish behavior.”
Kimijima Kou: “This is a grave error.”
Kimijima Kou: “I must eliminate any and all bugs.”
Huh...?
Eliminate?!
Kaito: “Sister Centipede?!”
Sister Centipede: “Si-SiSis—teteter—”
I instinctively hold my PokeCom back up and watch Sister Centipede through the screen.
Sister Centipede herself remains unchanged.
In fact, she's just standing there, emotionless as usual.
But the icon on her forehead is flashing violently. It's almost like she's about to die.
Airi: “You're...”
Still in my arms, Airi reaches her hand out toward my PokeCom screen.
Airi: “You're me...?”
Sister Centipede: “You are... me.”
Sister Centipede: “I am glad that... you are safe...”
Airi: “Did you save me...?”
Airi touches the monitor.
She lovingly runs her hand across Sister Centipede through the monitor.
Airi: “It felt like we were together... the entire time...”
Sister Centipede: “Yes... T-T-T-Together...”
Sister Centipede is no longer able to speak coherently.
Kimijima Kou must be trying to delete her data.
She could disappear at any moment.
If Frau was here, would she have been able to do something about this?
No... I get the feeling this'd be too much for even her.
Even though it takes an astronomical amount of time to create data...
It takes only a few seconds to delete it.
Airi: “I feel like you were always with me... Watching over me.”
Sister Centipede: “Yes... A-A-Always...”
I move my PokeCom closer to Airi.
Airi's fingers touch the icon on Sister Centipede's forehead.
It flashes even more violently than before.
Sister Centipede: “Nocchi...yo... Airi...”
Airi: “Sister Centipede...”
Airi: “Thank you... other me...”
Airi: “I wish we could've talked more...”
Sister Centipede's mouth moves as if to respond, but her voice is already gone.
Even then, she still attempts to communicate something.
In an effort to not miss her last words, Airi holds her ear against the PokeCom.
Just then, the PokeCom releases a blast of noise, much like it would after short-circuiting.
Airi: “Aah!”
Airi jolts back in surprise.
That's it.
For just a moment, the ‘IRUO.’ screen is filled with noise.
And then Sister Centipede is gone.
No matter where I point the PokeCom, she's nowhere to be found.
Nae: “It looks like Kimijima Kou is gone too.”
Nae: “Talk about a close call...”
Nae-san breathes a sigh of relief while looking down at the remains of the drones.
Airi: “Sob...”
Airi clings tightly to my chest.
She's doing her best to hold back.
She's crying while barely making a sound.
My first thought is that Kimijima Kou said something to her.
No, I was certain that was the case.
He must've said something that broke her heart.
I assumed she was in pain, sad, and angry.
But I immediately realize...
That's not what these tears are.
Airi: “Why...?”
Airi: “Why do I feel like I've lost something incredibly important to me...?”
Airi: “Not Dad or Mom... It's not them...”
Airi: “It's like... half of me has been ripped away...”
Airi: “But I don't know why...”
Sister Centipede had been watching over AR Airi this entire time.
She had done so in the same body, as an alternate personality.
Perhaps for Sister Centipede, both AR Airi and Airi were one and the same.
Another part of her that must be protected.
Another part of her that must be loved.
Even more so than the very master that created her.
Sister Centipede chose to protect the part of herself that she had spent so much time with.
I don't know how she rebelled against her programming.
Was it really just a bug? Or was there some other cause?
I guess it doesn't matter.
In the end, Sister Centipede saved the three of us.
That's the only truth that matters right now.
