Subaru: “Now then, I'll explain the current situation on the island.”
After moving over to the school, we spread out a map of Tanegashima and stand around it to assess the situation.
Akiho: “This feels kinda like a strategy meeting, huh?”
Frau: “I-It literally is a strategy meeting. SMH.”
Did we really need to roll out a giant map?
Subaru: “Yesterday afternoon, the Tanegashima Space Center was occupied by an armed group.”
Subaru: “There were zero casualties. Almost all of the workers managed to escape safely.”
That's definitely a relief.
Subaru: “However, there is one hostage: Chief Senomiya.”
Akiho: “Dad...?!”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “Furthermore, Furugoori's house was raided at the same time the TNSC was taken over.”
Subaru: “Fortunately, Tennouji-san repelled them, successfully defending the location.”
Nae-san repelled an armed group?
Who is she...?
Akiho: “Why did they attack Frau Bow?”
Frau: “For my incredible intellect. 2ez.”
Well, Frau is pretty famous...
She's the most notable person in the Robotics Club.
Subaru: “Additionally, my dad said he spotted a large army of giant robots flying off the Tanegashima coast.”
Akiho: “An army of flying giant robots?!”
Please don't say you're hyped or fired up or whatever. Read the room.
Akiho: “How can we win against an opponent like that...?”
Kaito: “They may be illusions like the Grand Obelisk.”
Akiho: “I hope so...”
Akiho: “What's the evacuation status of the people in Minamitane?”
Subaru: “The JAXA workers and people who fled Minamitane are taking refuge both here, as well as the gymnasium near the park.”
When we got to the school, the gym lights were on and I could hear a bunch of people talking. I'm sure Mom and Mrs. Senomiya are there.
I should probably drop in later.
Akiho: “Thanks. I've got a general idea of the situation.”
Akiho: “Right now, we need to think about what we can do without relying on others.”
Akiho: “We have a few ways to stop the enemy.”
Akiho: “For example, we could gather a bunch of semi-trucks and heavy weaponry from around the island and have everyone hit the enemy with a huge kamikaze attack.”
Akiho: “There'd be casualties, but we could overpower them with sheer numbers.”
Akiho: “However, that's only our last resort.”
Akiho: “We can't just ask everyone on the island to sacrifice their lives, even if it's to save the world.”
Akiho: “First, we go in as the initial wave.”
Akiho: “That's what GunBuild-1 is for, after all. We gotta show the terrorists that Tanegashima has a robot of justice!”
Akiho: “The problem is that we're dealing with actual terrorists. We could die.”
Akiho: “Nobody would blame any of you if you chose to back out now.”
Akiho: “Everyone, even though you'd be putting your lives on the line, are you still willing to stick by me?”
Everyone nods without hesitation.
Akiho: “Alright, then Kai and I will fill you in on the enemy.”
Akiho: “The ringleader of the terrorists is Kimijima Kou. He exists in ‘IRUO.’ as pure data.”
I gave Akiho a rundown of everything while we were on the plane coming home.
Akiho: “He's trying to massacre all of humanity on orders from a group of shadow rulers called the Committee of 300.”
Akiho: “We don't know how many bad guys we're dealing with, but among them...”
There, Akiho chokes on her words for a moment.
But she quickly looks around at everyone's faces and stiffens back up.
Akiho: “Among them is my sister, Senomiya Misaki.”
The room is filled with gasps.
Akiho: “Our goal is to defeat the terrorists and stop them from killing billions.”
Junna: “Are you really okay with this, Akiho-chan...?”
Akiho firmly nods her head.
Akiho: “I'm going to stop Big Sis. No matter what.”
Faced with such grim determination from Akiho, nobody says anything further.
Akiho: “Kai will explain the enemy's goal.”
Kaito: “The enemy's objective is to launch the rocket currently assembled in the VAB.”
Kaito: “It's highly likely that the terrorists are loading a Black Hole Bomb onto the hijacked rocket.”
Subaru: “Wait, wait! Black Hole Bomb...?!”
Subaru: “This goes far beyond nonsense at this point... My word...”
Kaito: “By launching it and detonating it in space, they'll create a magnetosphere substorm.”
Kaito: “That's Project Atum's primary objective.”
Kaito: “The details are as written in the Kimijima Reports.”
Kaito: “If you want to know more, you can find them all over the internet. Feel free to give them a read.”
Kaito: “Additionally, Misa-nee is likely piloting a giant HUG. It looks like a spider with six legs.”
Subaru: “That matches the eyewitness info we got from the JAXA members. It showed up at the TNSC.”
Kaito: “I know I called it a HUG, but it's fundamentally different.”
Kaito: “One of ExCo's big wigs gave me some intel about it.”
In actuality, Sawada got in touch with me when I was on the plane.
I have no clue how he got my contact info, but he sent me a bunch of top secret files from ExCo.
Detailed data about the HUG's weaknesses, spots likely to wear out, the works.
Kaito: “This HUG will likely be deployed as the terrorist's last line of defense.”
Kaito: “The spider HUG is an ExCo concept model: the HUGX-02. Codename: SUMERAGI. It's probably the second model.”
Kaito: “And the thing that attaches to it is apparently another concept model, the HUGX-01: KAMINAGI.”
Junna: “Attaches...?”
Kaito: “That's right. Maybe it would be easier to understand if I said it mounts the spider.”
Kaito: “KAMINAGI is 5.4 meters tall, so it's about half the size of Model-1.”
When I saw it at the Expo, it went offline without separating, so I don't know what it looks like on its own.
Kaito: “Going by the data, KAMINAGI is extremely mobile. It's even capable of full-on sprinting.”
Junna: “It can run? Wow... That's incredible...”
Subaru: “It's not hovering or doing anything similar?”
Kaito: “No, it runs like anyone else. It also has a strong grip, and the files said that it has accurate finger feedback.”
Akiho: “In other words, it can hold weapons.”
Subaru: “Is that so...? Regardless, it should be limited to close quarters weaponry.”
Subaru: “There are no firearms in the world that are compatible with giant robots.”
Frau: “U-Unless they specifically made one for this.”
Subaru: “In that case, the situation would be hopeless. Model-1 and firearms are like oil and water.”
Frau: “Wh-What about the spider?”
Akiho: “The spider is equipped with missiles.”
Junna: “It's like an actual weapon...”
Subaru: “It is a weapon. The concept model was built with military use in mind.”
Akiho: “Also, it has blades on its two front legs.”
Akiho: “Those blades are what destroyed GunBuild-2...”
Kaito: “The spider can't be operated unless the pilot wears KAMINAGI and boards it.”
Kaito: “The two of them form a set.”
Subaru: “So even if we destroy the spider, the other one'll come popping out, eh?”
Kaito: “Yup. The one with high mobility, no less.”
Frau: “S-so it's a matryoshka doll, then. I get it.”
No, not at all.
Kaito: “Also, the ExCo big wig gave me another useful piece of information.”
Kaito: “He's looking into a way to get rid of Kimijima Kou.”
Akiho: “Wha...?”
Kaito: “Apparently it's like a computer virus designed to erase him, since he's just data.”
An Anti-Kimijima Kou virus, you could say.
Akiho: “...”
With that, it should be possible to get him to stop possessing Misa-nee. We'll be able to return her to her senses.
But Akiho doesn't look happy.
Even if Misa-nee does come to her senses, it wouldn't change the fact that she's a terrorist...
But even still...
Kaito: “If we free Misa-nee from Kimijima Kou's curse, it'll neutralize her.”
Kaito: “Naturally, that includes the SUMERAGI and KAMINAGI that she's piloting.”
Junna: “And then we wouldn't have to fight?”
Junna: “Then how about we just go and see her after the virus is done?”
Kaito: “The problem is we don't know if it'll be done in time.”
Kaito: “Assuming that they're loading the BHB now, it'll be raining all day. Launch will be tomorrow.”
Junna: “The weather report said tomorrow is going to be sunny and clear.”
It's possible that the Anti-Kimijima Kou virus won't be completed until after that.
Subaru: “I'm starting to see several minimum conditions that we need to clear.”
Subaru: “First, we need armaments so that we can destroy SUMERAGI.”
Subaru: “Second. We need the mobility to deal with KAMINAGI's movement speed.”
Subaru: “Alternatively, we could boost Model-1's defense so that it can take KAMINAGI's attacks.”
Junna: “Model 1-kun was really slow, wasn't he?”
Subaru: “To a hopeless degree, yes, but its defensive capabilities are even worse.”
Kaito: “The thing might as well be made of paper.”
Junna: “It's that bad...?”
Kaito: “It's that bad.”
Subaru: “Even if we wanted to enhance its armor, there's not much we can do.”
Subaru: “We might be better off preparing disposable shields or something.”
Akiho: “But GunBuild-1 can't use his arms.”
Subaru: “We'd need to think about that, too... We don't have the time to build decent functionality into the arms.”
Kaito: “If we focus on defense, how would we counter KAMINAGI's mobility?”
Akiho: “What if we had Model-1 fight like M45?”
Akiho: “No matter how mobile the opponent is, they'll have to come close to attack. They'd have to stop moving around.”
Akiho: “What if we kept our movement down, hardened our defense, and waited to counterattack?”
Junna: “Um, would that really work?”
Junna: “They only have to buy time for the rocket to launch, right?”
Junna: “They're on the defensive. We're on the offensive.”
Junna: “If we wait for a chance to counterattack, we're just gonna stare at each other as time goes by.”
Akiho: “Oh, that's true...”
Kaito: “Jun-chan's right. We gotta fight if we want to win.”
Subaru: “Which means enhanced mobility is a must.”
Akiho: “What's GunBuild-1's current status, Subaru?”
Subaru: “We've already started work on improvements.”
Akiho: “Whoa, that's fast!”
Subaru: “After hearing your speech, we got the gist of your intentions.”
Akiho: “Wait, you heard that...?”
Subaru: “All of it.”
Akiho: “Hehe...”
Subaru: “We've swapped out two of the leg motors with monopole motors so far.”
As far as I remember, Doc supplied us with six monopole motors as spares for Model-2 or for use with Model-1.
Akiho: “Clearly, I'm the master of foresight.”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “Oh c'mon, say something.”
Frau: “Yup, a total master. I LOL'd.”
Akiho: “...”
Subaru: “The old motors and monopole motors are the same size, so swapping them is easy.”
Subaru: “With our current level of manpower, we can do it in under six hours.”
Subaru: “Simply switching to monopole motors should dramatically increase the walking speed of Prototype Model-1.”
Frau: “B-But it'd still be r-really slow. Duhuhu...”
Akiho: “Then let's talk specifics about how to improve Model-1.”
Subaru: “We don't have time to assess everything from scratch.”
Subaru: “It'd be in our best interest to utilize what we've learned from Model-2.”
Subaru: “If we're focusing on mobility, we need to strengthen the legs and reduce the robot's overall weight.”
Subaru: “We may have to give up on the body's defensive capabilities.”
Akiho: “The thing's already paper thin, so that's fine.”
Subaru: “As far as strengthening the legs is concerned, we must consider other methods. Aside from monopole motors...”
Subaru: “...I suggest CFRP sheets, similar to the ones we utilized for Model-2. I believe they will be appropriate in order to increase strength.”
Kaito: “We should also discard the internal engine. That thing's crazy heavy.”
Plus it's loud as hell.
Subaru nods at my suggestion.
Subaru: “We'll remove the internal engine and utilize the same laser beam electrical transmission system as Model-2.”
Akiho: “We have a spare?”
Fujita: “I do.”
Doc enters the classroom with perfect timing.
Junna: “Ah, Grandpa!”
Fujita: “I heard you guys were over here.”
Akiho: “Doc, you really have a spare?”
Fujita: “I figured it could be used to improve Model-1, so I kept it in the back.”
Akiho: “That's awesome! You're the best, Doc!”
Kaito: “Are you even making a profit?”
Fujita: “I don't care about making profits. I just buy what catches my eye. Nothing more than that!”
Akiho: “That's so rock and roll...!”
Fujita: “Feel free to pay me back later.”
Akiho: “Wait, we still have to pay?! That's not rock and roll at all!”
Fujita: “You didn't take the laser gun mount I built to Tokyo, right? You can re-use that.”
Subaru: “If we exchange the engine with a small battery, it should lighten the robot significantly.”
Frau: “Q-Question about the l-laser gun mount.”
Frau: “Can't we use that as a w-weapon?”
Akiho: “A weapon?”
Frau: “I-If we enable it to fire freely and have Stumpy Gunvarrel h-hold it...”
Frau: “A deadly laser gun would be born, right?”
Frau: “You s-said that it could kill people before.”
Kaito: “Could you quit it with the whole killing people idea?”
Frau: “M-Mama was probably k-killed, so wh-what's wrong with that?”
Frau: “The enemy is trying to kill five billion people, w-we might have no choice but to kill them.”
Akiho: “...”
She's right.
I'd be making a big mistake if I went easy on Misa-nee.
Akiho: “We aren't murderers.”
Akiho: “I want to do this without taking lives, if possible.”
Akiho: “I know a big part of that is because she's my sister...”
Akiho: “But I hope you all can overlook that. I'm sorry.”
Akiho: “But... if we have no other choice...”
Akiho raises her head.
Akiho: “If it comes to that, I'll—”
Kaito: “Nope, I'm the pilot.”
Without a moment's delay, I cut in.
Kaito: “If the situation comes to that, I'll handle it.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Frau: “I-I'm sorry...”
Frau: “I-I wasn't trying to bully Prez-senpai.”
Frau: “I just thought that we needed to be prepared for the worst...”
Akiho: “I know. Thanks, Frau Bow. It was naive of me to act like we wouldn't have to consider that.”
Fujita: “Regardless, that transmission gun's output is too low.”
Fujita: “If you wanted to pierce the armor on a robot, you'd have to focus it on the same spot for a long time.”
Fujita: “It has less power than a welding laser.”
Fujita: “But if you want to kill a person, you just gotta shoot their body directly. It'd burn them to death.”
I... don't think I want to do that.
Burning Misa-nee to death with a laser?
But I'm fully aware that now's not the time to say that.
Junna: “Um... How about getting some bombs, sneaking over to the rocket, and putting them on it?”
Junna: “Then we wouldn't have to, um, fight their robot, right?”
Subaru: “That plan is nonsense.”
Subaru: “The rocket might already have the BHB on board.”
Subaru: “If it accidentally got detonated on the surface, the entirety of Tanegashima would be wiped off the map.”
Junna: “Huh...?!”
Junna: “I didn't know it was that dangerous... I'm sorry...”
Akiho: “Like I thought, GunBuild-1 is our only hope.”
Subaru: “I'm not going to lie—listening to that speech of yours made me groan.”
Subaru: “Robots of justice. Evil robots. Only you would use such black and white terms, Prez.”
Subaru: “You're really thinking about good punishing evil in our current situation? You watch too much anime.”
Akiho: “Justice always wins! We've basically got this in the bag!”
Subaru: “This reasoning of yours is forced at best.”
Subaru: “If the world was that simple, we'd have achieved world peace long ago.”
Akiho: “Errgh, SUBARU! Stop being so condescending!”
Junna: “N-Now, now, Akiho-chan. Calm down...”
Akiho: “Grrr...!”
Subaru: “Back to the subject at hand. Setting aside the issue of armaments, let's talk about potential upgrades we can make.”
Subaru has completely taken over.
Despite calling her Prez earlier, he's the one who most looks like the president—especially to an outsider.
Fujita: “How about hardness? The torso is hollow, and if the walking speed increases, it could even tear off.”
Junna: “T-Tear off...”
Subaru: “Should we reinforce it with chromoly steel, much like a car?”
Fujita: “Hm, considering the time we got, that seems appropriate. Plus, I can get some for automotive use right away.”
Subaru: “How about the cockpit? Should we go with remote operation?”
Everyone looks at me.
I guess they've all acknowledged me as the pilot, eh?
Well, I figured that'd be the case.
Kaito: “Leave the cockpit as is.”
Kaito: “Wireless operation creates lag, after all.”
Kaito: “It may only be a few frames, but that's the difference between life or death for me.”
Kaito: “Plus, our opponent is the best in the world right now. She has much higher specs and projectile weapons.”
Kaito: “I need to get rid of as many limiting factors as possible.”
Frau: “B-But if you ride inside, the chances of your d-dying skyrockets, Yashio-senpai.”
Frau: “Are you sure about this?”
Subaru: “It's not just enemy attacks you have to worry about. If you fall over during battle, that alone could kill you.”
Kaito: “I have to do this. I have to be ready to die if need be.”
Junna: “The lives of five billion people are in our hands, after all...”
Kaito: “Nope, that's not it. That's got nothing to do with it. Honestly, I can't even picture five billion people.”
Junna: “Er, then why...?”
Kaito: “Because if I don't, there's no way I can beat the best in the world.”
My opponent is Senomiya Misaki.
She's the wall that's always stood before me. My one true goal.
Kaito: “So, Kona-chan. Can you load the Kill-Ballad System into it?”
Frau: “I only have the one I made for Model-2, but I can make adjustments.”
Frau: “W-We can't use the posture control system as is, though.”
Akiho: “But we absolutely need that... Let's try and use as much from Model-2 as we can.”
Subaru: “Laser scanning for surrounding terrain analysis, and action-prediction navigation...”
Subaru: “We should be able to reuse those systems as well.”
Fujita: “I'll bring parts from my shop. You can pay up later.”
Akiho: “Urgh...”
Frau: “A-At worst, we might even have to update the system as it walks.”
Akiho: “You used 3D mapping linked to ‘IRUO.’, right?”
Akiho: “We should... probably remove that.”
Kaito: “Right.”
Kimijima Kou's the man who created it, and we're off to go fight him. We can't trust it.
Subaru: “Now we just have to figure out what to do with the arms. They're only decorative, so should we remove them?”
Akiho: “The brass doesn't understand things like that!”
Junna: “The brass...?”
Akiho: “Jun... You still have much to learn. Hehe.”
Akiho: “...You can take them off. Now's not the time to be concerned with appearances.”
Subaru: “I'd be so grateful if you could think that rationally all the time.”
Akiho: “What was that?!”
Kaito: “Calm down, Aki-chan.”
Fujita: “About the arms: I got some stuff you might wanna attach. Made 'em myself.”
Junna: “Did you bring something, Grandpa?”
Akiho: “Wait, do you mean...”
Fujita: “Pile bunkers.”
Frau: “Ch-Check out that shit-eating grin...”
Fujita: “I ain't done with the final adjustments, but they're generally ready to go.”
Fujita: “If you shoot 'em at close range, they should break right through armor. Effective for close quarters combat, no?”
Subaru: “Are you suggesting we replace one of the arms with a pile bunker?”
Subaru: “That'd cause the frame to be unbalanced. It could tip over.”
Subaru: “If we're going to attach a pile bunker, we'll need a counterweight for the other side.”
Fujita: “Good thing I've got two of 'em.”
Frau: “Th-The return of the shit-eating grin...”
Akiho: “You built two of them...?”
Fujita: “Although, the other is still incomplete. It's about 80% done.”
Akiho: “Pile bunkers for both arms, huh...?”
Akiho: “How about disposable shields, like Subaru suggested earlier?”
Kaito: “I think it's better to focus on offense over defense.”
Fujita: “But you've got no way to defend against them missiles.”
Subaru: “Chaff, ECM, flares, reactive armor...”
Akiho: “Doc, can you prepare any of—”
Fujita: “Of course I can't! How much do you think that kind of stuff runs?”
Akiho: “Right...”
Kaito: “The difference in specs is pretty much hopeless.”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “Fine, then let's think of a way to beat it.”
Kaito: “And if we can't come up with one?”
Akiho: “If we can't, then...”
Kaito: “We give up on fighting and just watch the rocket launch?”
Akiho: “No way!”
Kaito: “Damn straight.”
Kaito: “Make your decision, Aki-chan.”
Kaito: “Even if we have no strat, once the rocket starts being moved from the VAB, I'm going to challenge them in Model-1.”
Subaru: “You're just going to throw away your life. I can't approve of this.”
Kaito: “Even if that's the case, I have to try something.”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Fine.”
Akiho: “Even if we don't find a way to win, we'll sortie when the time comes.”
Akiho: “But I refuse to let you die in vain, Kai.”
Akiho: “We're going to keep looking for a way to win all the way to the very end.”
Akiho: “I know we'll figure something out!”
Akiho looks me straight in the eyes and makes her declaration.
I force out a smile and nod.
That's a satisfying answer.
Akiho: “Everyone, I'm going to ask you again.”
Akiho: “Please lend me your strength.”
Akiho: “I know that our robot of justice will win in the end.”
Akiho: “So I want everyone to think about how we can achieve that.”
Akiho: “I believe in us.”
Everyone present nods, and the strategy meeting comes to an end.
Due to his leg injury, Subaru can't participate in assembly work. Instead, he's working on improving Model-1.
Frau is on programming duty, so she can't help either.
Which means there are only four people on the motor exchange team: me, Akiho, Junna, and Doc.
Wait, that reminds me... Where in the world did Dad and the Nagafukadas disappear to?
We could really use their help right about now.
I gaze out the window. It's starting to get brighter outside.
It's still raining, and the sky is concealed by clouds...
But dawn is approaching.
