As I advance up the gentle uphill slope, my field of vision suddenly widens.
This is the Osaki Launch Complex: the place where countless rockets have been launched.
Despite the absurd situation we find ourselves in with the fate of humanity on the line...
I can hear the sound of waves in the distance. It's tranquil, with not a person in sight.
Nothing has changed from the usual peaceful atmosphere of Tanegashima.
On Launch Pad 1, Black-1 stands tall, set to launch in 15 minutes.
It's much bigger than I expected.
Now that I think about it, this is the first time I've seen a rocket up close and personal.
And next to it is a large black spider. The rocket's guardian.
SUMERAGI.
It doesn't look any different from the one at the Expo.
Is Misa-nee in there?
I don't see any other people.
Misa-nee should have a few of her terrorist comrades left.
Nae-san must be right, and they're focused on launching the rocket.
In other words, if we defeat SUMERAGI, most of our problems will be solved.
This is a true 1v1.
A classic fighting game matchup.
Now then, what's her first move?
Misaki: “Allow me to warn you.”
Misa-nee's voice echoes throughout the launch site.
Akiho: “Big Sis...!”
Misaki: “If you advance any further, I will kill all of you.”
Kaito: “...”
Misaki: “Kai, Aki. Don't make me do this.”
Misaki: “Please. Turn back now.”
Akiho: “No way!”
Akiho shouts.
Akiho: “We're here to beat you, Big Sis!”
Akiho: “We're gonna take you down AND save you!”
Akiho: “Don't even try to get us to back down!”
In response to Akiho...
Misa-nee says nothing.
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “Well done, Aki-chan.”
Mitsuhiko: “Now that's what I'm talking about, Little Senomiya—no, Akiho.”
We knew from the beginning we wouldn't be able to talk things out.
That much was just made clear to us once again.
Our enemy is truly serious.
If we don't take them out, we're dead.
Which is why...
Kaito: “I'm getting fired up...!”
There's already adrenaline coarsing through my veins.
Akiho: “Everyone, stick to the plan.”
Akiho: “Me, Subaru, and Airi will neutralize SUMERAGI's missiles.”
Akiho: “Mitchie, keep hidden behind Super GunBuild-1. Keep the Thunder Emperor away from the missiles.”
Mitsuhiko: “I'll drive nice and safe. Leave it to me.”
Akiho: “Jun, use the laser mount to keep supplying power to the robot. Things are gonna get intense, so good luck.”
Junna: “Osu!”
Akiho: “Kai, the longer the fight drags on, the more of a disadvantage we're at.”
Akiho: “We only have one chance.”
Kaito: “Got it.”
I still have the Space Candy I got from Akiho before we left today.
I had kept it in my pocket the whole time. I take the wrapper off and pop it into my mouth.
The refreshing mint flavor flows up through my nose, stimulating my brain.
Combat mode.
I shut out all distractions.
I focus all five of my senses on the monitor in front of me.
Akiho: “Everyone... We're all going home together, no matter what!”
Akiho: “Commence the operation!”
Kaito: “Hell yeah! Let's do this, Tagirin...!”
Kaito: “Round One: Fight!”
I input the advance command.
Super GunBuild-1 takes a single step toward the black spider.
It instantly responds.
Its six legs shake and start to wriggle.
Looks like she's ready to meet us in combat.
Akiho: “Kai, don't stop no matter what happens!”
Akiho: “Just close the distance!”
Not that I need to be told.
Sorry, but the only thing I see now is that spider Misa-nee is riding.
A missile pod comes sliding out from the spider's torso.
It really does have missiles...!
Kaito: “Here they come!”
Super GunBuild-1 is unarmed.
If I take a direct hit, I'll get one shot.
Nevertheless, I input the advance command.
The missiles spew flames behind them.
Misa-nee starts by firing two.
They're heading right for me.
A direct course, but...
Kaito: “I'm not stopping for anything!”
I continue to move forward...
The moment I take another step, the two missiles suddenly change direction.
The robot's frame shakes from the shockwave of the blast.
Kaito: “Whoa!”
I almost drop my PokeCom on the floor.
If I break the screen, then it's all over.
As for the missiles, they collided with the wrong targets. One hit a nearby embankment, the other a building.
Frau: “The AR decoys seem to be working...!”
Akiho: “All right! Everyone, keep sticking geotags everywhere!”
I can tell just by looking at the screen.
New geotags are being stuck in real time all over the Osaki Launch Complex.
10, 20, 30...
After just a brief amount of lag...
Each geotag spawns a Gunvarrel the same size as Super GunBuild-1.
The geotags have AR annotations stuck to them, so the moment ‘IRUO.’ reads them, it automatically recognizes them.
As a result, there are over 30 life-size Gunvarrels swarming the Osaki Launch Complex, and they're still increasing.
These are our AR decoys!
How do you like that, Misa-nee...?!
