It's been about 15 minutes since I started walking.
I had trouble getting past the narrow road to exit onto NH 58, so I'm still lumbering through Nakatane.
Akiho: “Kai, how's it going up there?”
I face my PokeCom downward and see Akiho riding ahead on her scooter.
The posture control system is properly identifying her as a frontal obstacle.
I need to make sure I don't step on her.
Kaito: “My... butt... hurts...! My shoulders... too...!”
Akiho: “Why are you talking like that?”
Kaito: “Because the... tremors... are ridiculous...!”
Each time I take a step, the impact causes my butt to rise up off the seat.
Then it immediately slams right back down onto it.
If I wasn't wearing a seatbelt, I'd be mincemeat.
Kaito: “Couldn't we have... gotten a better chair...?!”
Akiho: “We didn't have time to replace it.”
Kaito: “Ah, awesome...!”
I'm going to get sick if I stay in here for too long.
I've got so many hours on KB, a first person fighting game, that I figured I didn't get motion sickness.
But I don't know about this...
Kaito: “Also... it's... a bit hot...!”
Akiho: “Even though it's winter?”
Kaito: “It's probably... because of the... laser beam transmitter...!”
The parabolic antenna for the laser beam electrical transmission is right behind the cockpit.
The laser's been trained on it this entire time.
Junna: “But, um, there's no chance of it cutting into the cockpit by accident or anything.”
Kaito: “I wouldn't be... real happy... if it did...!”
Just then, I happen to see the older ladies at B-COOP waving their hands at us.
It's a little sad that I can't wave back.
Frau: “The auto balancer is o-operating normally.”
Frau: “With only six motors, it can't exactly walk d-delicately.”
Kaito: “I was... prepared for that...!”
The image in my head from last summer's Model-1 test is still alive and well.
Back then, all I could feel in the cockpit was the sound of the engine and the creepy grinding of metal.
I didn't really feel the vibrations that much.
So I guess I just assumed that it wouldn't be an issue in Super GunBuild-1.
Turns out those vibrations have become my mortal enemy.
Kaito: “With it shaking... this much... I could... start making... input mistakes...!”
Model-1 was fine because all I had to do was push a couple buttons installed inside of the cockpit.
But Super GunBuild-1 is equipped with the Kill-Ballad System.
Just walking like this requires the constant input of the advance command. God, I wish it had an auto mode.
Kaito: “It's fine right now... since I'm just walking... but it's gonna be... an issue when I have to... face Misa-nee...!”
We're talking one of the most basic elements of winning in a fighting game.
Thoroughly eliminating input errors.
Super GunBuild-1 is the same in that respect.
But the inside of this cockpit is hardly the best environment for that.
Akiho: “It's too late to switch to remote operation now.”
Kaito: “Yeah... I know... Let a man grumble...!”
I'm going to be walking to the TNSC for several hours.
I'll just have to get used to the shaking with the time I have.
Frau: “I'll try a-adjusting the walking motion a little. I-I'll do my best to reduce the vibrations as much as I can.”
Kaito: “You're... a lifesaver...!”
Frau: “Everyone should know that updating the programming as it walks isn't possible for n-normal people.”
Frau: “I-In other words, Frau-chan is a tera genius.”
Frau: “Y-Yashio-senpai, I'm expecting a two-hour collarbone-licking extravaganza after this.”
Kaito: “Kona-chan... could you not...?!”
Akiho: “Yeah, Frau Bow! Y-You can't do that!”
Frau: “Grr...”
Mitsuhiko: “Then you could use my collarb—”
Frau: “S-Sexual Harassment-sensei can drop dead. The fine women of the P-PTA will make sure you never teach again!”
Kaito: “Less talk about collarbones... and more adjustments... please...!”
Frau: “I-I just can't help myself, nyaa!”
Frau reluctantly says before going quiet to immerse herself in her work.
Airi: “Hee hee... You're all so much fun.”
Ah, that's right. Airi had been added to the Unit A team.
She joined at the last minute, insisting she come with us no matter what. It didn't take long for Akiho to crack.
She might actually be as stubborn as Akiho, despite her appearance.
Akiho: “Airi, if you're cold, you can trade places with Frau Bow whenever you want.”
Airi is sitting in the bed of the Thunder Emperor.
She's acting as Junna's support.
Airi: “Okay. I'm fine for now!”
I see the Irei General Store to my side.
It causes me to remember Mizuka-san, and my chest tightens up.
I still need to deliver her last words to Misa-nee...
Kaito: “Aki-chan...! We're going to... just keep heading south... on Highway 58... right...?”
Akiho: “Yup! Straight to Minamitane!”
Akiho: “Then turn left at the Kaminaka intersection!”
Kaito: “Can this robot... make it down... the slope there...? I'm kind of... worried...!”
Akiho: “I sure hope it does considering how many hills are between us and the TNSC.”
Tanegashima may appear flat, but it has a lot of minor ups and downs.
I sigh and open one of the Fruit Sour Melons I snuck in my pocket.
I drain the bottle in a single gulp.
I still have five left.
There's a knapsack at my feet.
They're in there along with the EM irradiation device.
...Actually, it'd be real bad if they leaked and broke the device...
I hurriedly take the bottles out.
But due to the vibrations, leaving them out in the cockpit causes them to roll all over the place.
Kaito: “Hey, what do I do... if I need to... use the toilet...?!”
Super GunBuild-1 is incapable of crouching down.
Back at the old airport, I got into the robot while it was lying down. Dangerous, I know.
Akiho: “There's a rope ladder in case of emergency.”
Akiho: “But you're not strong enough to climb that thing, right?”
Kaito: “Yeah, probably...!”
Akiho: “Then you'll just have to hold it.”
Akiho: “Maybe you should have worn a diaper.”
Kaito: “...”
I guess I'll cool it on the drinks...
Super GunBuild-1 nears its first real obstacle, the downhill slope by the Nakatane Community Center.
Kaito: “Can this thing handle slopes?”
Frau: “N-N-No problem. Everything's fine.”
Frau: “The auto balancer and gyro are both working n-normally.”
Kaito: “It has wheels on the tips of the feet, right? Don't tell me it's gonna trip because of those...”
Frau: “Well... Of course not. I wouldn't make such an elementary mistake.”
Frau: “H-However, stay at the minimum speed plz.”
Frau: “Take each step carefully. Thx.”
Akiho: “Just keep in mind that if the robot falls over, you're not going to come out of it unscathed. Be careful.”
I glance over at the shock absorber. Or at least, that's what I'd like to call it, but it's literally just a cushion haphazardly stuck to the cockpit wall.
Kaito: “I'd rather not get turned to mincemeat...”
Despite my unease, I input the advance command and proceed down the hill.
I can hear the sounds of creaking metal beneath my feet.
I can tell that the servomotors are spinning their gears as fast as possible.
I know it was my choice to pilot this thing.
But I can't help but somewhat regret my decision...
