The blast of the missile hitting a nearby embankment is enough to almost make me cower on the spot.
I've never experienced this kind of heat and impact before.
This thing really is a weapon meant for killing people...
If Yashio-kun got hit with one of those missiles while inside of Super GunBuild-1, he'd die!
No, not just Yashio-kun. There's a chance a missile could chase after us and hit us too.
I'm scared.
My knees are shaking.
But it's not just my knees.
My hands holding the laser gun mount are also trembling.
Our only ray of hope are the AR decoys.
Right next to me, Airi-chan and Hidaka-kun are still furiously tapping away at their PokeComs.
Frau: “I no longer fear anything!”
Koujiro-san is getting amped up in the passenger seat of the truck.
Kaito: “I know things are going as planned and all, but don't get cocky, Kona-chan.”
Kaito: “Jun-chan, don't cut off the power supply. That's Super GunBuild-1's lifeline.”
I clench my teeth and channel strength into my knees in response.
Junna: “Okay, I'll do my best!”
If I give up now, Super GunBuild-1 won't be able to move.
I have to keep shooting this laser at the antenna on the giant robot's back.
That's the duty that has been entrusted to me.
I need to see this through.
I made a promise to Hidaka-kun.
I told him that I'd work hard enough for the both of us!
Super GunBuild-1 continues to advance.
Meanwhile, the spider hasn't taken a single step.
More missiles!
Another two are coming this way!
Please don't hit us!
I pray frantically...
But I don't close my eyes.
If I closed them, the laser beam would drift.
One of the missiles hits the VAB door.
The other one flies off to the lightning rod at Launch Pad Two and explodes.
They didn't hit us again...
It's like a miracle... I want to cry, but I hold back the tears.
Kaito: “Too bad, Misa-nee! I guess SUMERAGI really is just a concept model...!”
Everyone, you're all so amazing...!
ExCo doesn't have a history in military-use HUGs, leading Hidaka-kun to theorize that SUMERAGI's missiles were acquired on the black market.
Koujiro-san chimed in after that. She said that it obviously wouldn't have a missile control system, so they probably had to substitute it with something else.
When she found that SUMERAGI was actually connected to ‘IRUO.’, we came up with this strategy.
Frau: “I-I didn't have time, so I threw this together at hyperspeed.”
Frau: “But right now, SUMERAGI sees 20 or 30 l-life-size Gunvarrels...!”
Frau: “And the missiles a-automatically aim at those decoys.”
Of course, the person who came up with this little trick was...
Frau: “Frau-chan wins. Flawless Victory!”
Koujiro-san shouts out like she's in the middle of playing a video game.
It's thanks to her that my fears have been alleviated a little bit.
Subaru: “This makes it clear... The missiles from SUMERAGI use image recognition guidance!”
Subaru: “Making them so sophisticated ended up backfiring!”
Kaito: “Sorry about that, Misa-nee! Your shitty missiles can't hit Super GunBuild-1!”
As though reacting to Yashio-kun's words, the spider fires more missiles.
Akiho: “Four incoming!”
Yashio-kun—and Nagafukada-sensei driving the Thunder Emperor behind him—don't stop advancing.
Everything'll be okay!
All four missiles change direction and fly off to separate targets, almost as though they're trying to avoid us.
Awesome! They missed again!
We're getting close to the spider now.
It's okay, we'll be okay...
Just then, the sound of a massive explosion erupts from behind me.
My back is struck with an intense blast and a wall of heat.
Junna: “Eeek!”
It feels like I'm about to get blown away.
I almost fall out of the truck bed.
My head nearly goes blank...
But the teachings of my dad and grandpa during training come to my mind.
“Act with simplicity and fortitude to bring forthgreat virtue.”
I may be weak...
I may have lost all my matches on the first round...
But I can't afford to lose today!
I need to be strong!
Go forth with simplicity and fortitude, Daitoku Junna!
Gooooo!!!
I plant my feet into the bed of the truck and take a firm stance.
I twist my ankle, causing an intense pain to shoot through my leg, but I ignore it.
I desperately hold onto the laser gun mount and restore my posture.
Mitsuhiko: “Daitoku, make sure not to get thrown off!”
Junna: “G-Got it!”
