Yashio-senpai and KAMINAGI stare each other down.
Just as Molesteacher next to me punches the steering wheel in frustration...
...A call from a number I don't recognize pops up on my PokeCom.
Uhh... whose number is this again?
I stop to think for a second...
Wait.
Frau: “O-Oh...!”
Frau: “OOOHHHHHH!”
Subaru: “Furugoori, don't play around at a time like this.”
Frau: “That's not it!”
Frau: “L-Le call from Sawada-kyun has arrived!!”
Kaito: “Sawada...?”
Frau: “Answer!”
Sawada: “It appears I made it in time.”
Sawada: “Apologies for making you wait. The Anti-Kimijima Kou virus is ready for use.”
Sawada: “It is designed to communicate seamlessly with the DG297 3rd Edition vers... tch, app.”
Sawada: “However, you need to fulfill a condition in order for it to take effect.”
Sawada: “The virus is only effective when used while the AR Kimijima Kou is visible.”
Sawada: “You only have to use it once, after which it will take care of the rest.”
Sawada: “That's all. I leave the rest to you.”
Lulwut. Did he seriously make us w8 for 10 years and then that's all he had to say??? lmao
But I guess that's what makes Sawada-kyun so adorable. Sawada-kyun, you're so cute, Sawada-kyun...
The guy can't be interested in the opposite sex. His coworkers def think he's gay. That's my women's intuition speaking.
Akiho: “He has to be visible...? There's no way...!”
Akiho: “We can't see inside KAMINAGI's cockpit from the outside!”
Subaru: “Then we have to find a way to pry open the chest hatch...!”
Junna: “But she's not even trying to attack us...”
Kaito: “If we use this virus, we can end this thing without killing Misa-nee.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Kaito: “We're gonna use it.”
Whoa, Yashio-senpai is tera motivated.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, is the virus good to go at any time?”
Yeah, Sawada-kyun lectured me about how to integrate the virus into the system beforehand. What of it?
Frau: “I-I can integrate it right away, but it'll require a r-reboot.”
Frau: “During that time, Super GunBuild-1 won't be able to move.”
Akiho: “How much time will it take?”
Frau: “About a minute.”
Junna: “If it takes that long, we're gonna lose...”
Airi: “But... They're just standing still, too.”
Subaru: “As long as they don't notice we're up to something... this deadlock should last for the entirety of the reboot. Our opposition will not attack.”
I begin to work on integrating the virus as the conversation continues.
I know for sure that Yashio-senpai will do it, even if it means pushing himself a little too hard.
Kaito: “I accept their challenge.”
Just like how he saved me and Gunvarrel before.
Kaito: “I'll take that bet. Kona-chan, time to reboot.”
See, told you so!
It's all so predictable that I automatically grin.
Akiho: “But, Kai...! What if she figures it out?!”
Kaito: “How long until the launch?”
Airi: “T-minus 3 minutes.”
Kaito: “This is our last shot.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Frau Bow, do it!”
Kaito: “Good choice.”
All this flirting between Yashio-senpai and Prez-senpai is making me jealous...
As I think about how much I want to join in, I furiously tap away at the PokeCom resting on my knees.
Program updating complete.
Frau-chan is such a genius, lel.
Time for the system reboot.
During the next minute, nobody will be able to do anything.
All we can do is wait.
Akiho: “Kai, don't worry. We'll keep you safe for this one minute.”
Prez-senpai said we... It's kinda embarrassing, but it makes me a little happy.
Frau: “A-Alright, I'm shutting down the Kill-Ballad System.”
Upon declaring that, I tap my PokeCom as if I was sending a prayer.
