Kimijima Kou: “Did you know? You were always a burden on your parents.”
Kimijima Kou: “They wanted you to die as soon as possible.”
Kimijima Kou: “Of course it was your fault that your father ran away.”
Kimijima Kou: “At the time, I was on good terms with your parents.”
Kimijima Kou: “They told me all kinds of things.”
Kimijima Kou: “They said they were fed up with you, Airi.”
Kimijima Kou: “So I asked them. How about leaving the island and reclaiming your freedom?”
Kimijima Kou: “Do you know what your father told me when I suggested that?”
Kimijima Kou: “‘Thank you.’”
Kimijima Kou: “He looked like a terrible weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He even wanted to shake my hand.”
Kimijima Kou: “He must have been very happy to have been relieved of you, his burden of a daughter.”
Kimijima Kou: “Then I had him killed, deep in the mountains of Kagoshima.”
Kimijima Kou: “He's likely still sleeping deep in those cold mountains, a skeleton. The police haven't found him, after all.”
Kimijima Kou: “In the 10 years you were in cold sleep, his body was devoured by wild beasts, his flesh rotted away, and he was reduced to bones.”
Kimijima Kou: “What a wonderful end for the father who abandoned you.”
Kimijima Kou: “You never really cared for your father to begin with.”
Kimijima Kou: “Does that mean you don't care what happened to him?”
Kimijima Kou: “In that case, what about your mother? You loved her, didn't you?”
Kimijima Kou: “After your father left, she worked so hard to take care of you as a single parent, after all.”
Kimijima Kou: “I'm sure you found it unbearable how the mother you loved so much suffered because of you.”
Kimijima Kou: “You wanted her to be released, didn't you? From the burden known as Yukifune Airi.”
Kimijima Kou: “That's why you went through the trouble of coming to me. It's why you ultimately chose to enter your long sleep.”
Kimijima Kou: “It was all for your mother. If you were gone, your mother would be free.”
Kimijima Kou: “What an innocent, lovely daughter you are.”
Kimijima Kou: “But I regret to inform you...”
Kimijima Kou: “After you went to sleep, your mother frantically tore apart the entire island. She was looking for you, of course.”
Kimijima Kou: “She even asked me if I had seen you.”
Kimijima Kou: “And so out of respect for your choice, I told her that I hadn't.”
Kimijima Kou: “Nobody would pay any heed to your mother. Everyone knew that she had lost her mind.”
Kimijima Kou: “Despite all of that, your mother continued to wander the forests barefoot, as if she were possessed.”
Kimijima Kou: “I pitied her, so I elected to give her some advice.”
Kimijima Kou: “I told her that a fisherman had spotted you on Mageshima Island.”
Kimijima Kou: “Of course, that was a complete lie, but your mother kept thanking me over and over again regardless.”
Kimijima Kou: “Everyone was against her going to the island. There's nobody there, they said. I'm telling you this for your own good... Give up, they said.”
Kimijima Kou: “Nobody would take her on a boat. So...”
Kimijima Kou: “She tried swimming there! Fufufu. How truly amusing.”
Kimijima Kou: “A mother's persistence is quite something, isn't it? But sadly, that was her limit.”
Kimijima Kou: “It was obviously impossible to swim such a distance.”
Kimijima Kou: “And thus your mother was reduced fish food.”
Kimijima Kou: “Did her bones sink to the bottom of the sea? Or perhaps she drifted along the vast sea of ocean currents, placing her far into the Pacific...”
Kimijima Kou: “I wonder how she felt? Did she drown? If she did, it must've been quite painful.”
Kimijima Kou: “Perhaps she was devoured by sharks. If she had been eaten alive, that would've been agonizing.”
Kimijima Kou: “Nobody knows your mother's whereabouts. Nobody.”
Kimijima Kou: “Oh, yes. The house where you lived? Your father's relatives sold it off. It's nothing but a vacant lot now.”
Kimijima Kou: “I hear they quickly submitted death reports for all three of you so they could collect the insurance money.”
Kimijima Kou: “They seems to be very upset about you suddenly reappearing alive again after 10 years.”
Kimijima Kou: “They even gave doctors at the hospital money to kill you as soon as the chance arose.”
Kimijima Kou: “Why did you have to wake up?”
Kimijima Kou: “You should have just stayed asleep forever.”
