After hearing Nae-san's report, I bite down hard on my lip.
Either the rocket launches first, or Super GunBuild-1 runs out of power.
Airi: “T-minus five minutes.”
Fujita: “Yo. I heard it all.”
Fujita: “Looks like Unit C's not gonna get their time to shine...”
Akiho: “Charge in, Doc!”
Akiho: “We can't hold anything back now.”
Fujita: “Got it. Just hold yer horses.”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, do you have a plan?”
Kaito: “Of course not...”
Kaito: “I have no way of catching up with her.”
Even now, I just keep advancing, turning a little, and advancing again. I repeat that over and over.
But KAMINAGI is gaining distance faster than I can move.
Subaru: “I figured as much.”
Kaito: “So, Subaru-kun. Mind telling me your secret plan?”
Subaru: “...I don't have one, unfortunately.”
Kaito: “I figured.”
Akiho: “Frau Bow, could you set the leg motor output to full to speed it up or something?”
Frau: “D-Don't be absurd. I have my limits too, y'know. SMH.”
Frau: “This isn't something I can fix with programming.”
Akiho: “We should've installed the transformation mechanism for the Gunval Accel Impact.”
Subaru: “There's no way we could've done something like that with the time we had.”
Akiho: “Jun, any super lethal karate attacks we can use...?”
Junna: “No... there's nothing...”
Akiho: “Airi, how's the weather looking? What about a lightning strike?”
Airi: “According to today's forecast, there won't be any rain...”
Kaito: “I just have to get close...!”
My only hope is to get in and use the pile bunker.
Advance!
But KAMINAGI keeps gaining distance.
I feel like a sheepdog.
All I can hope to do is carefully choose my route so that I can maybe force KAMINAGI into a corner.
But Misa-nee can see right through me, and since it's so slow, Super GunBuild-1 can't even come close to an actual sheepdog.
Suddenly, KAMINAGI stops.
I thought I'd forced it in front of the VAB's door, but it suddenly drops its hips...
And comes charges straight at me.
Kaito: “Aki!”
Slo-mo brings the world to a crawl.
I try to aim the pile bunker at KAMINAGI as it approaches me.
However...
Even though my inputs are fast and accurate, the robot's speed is as slow as ever.
This is extremely frustrating.
Entering Slo-mo makes Super GunBuild-1's speed stand out all the more to the point of pissing me off.
My brain and lungs are desperate for oxygen.
But they refuse to breathe.
My hands and feet are freezing cold, but the inside of my chest is on fire.
My bodily instincts are screaming that I'm in danger, but my fighting game instincts tell me to take down my opponent, moving my fingers.
And yet...
Kaito: “Gahahh...”
I knew it. It wasn't enough.
Thanks to the sudden mix-up, the pile bunker completely whiffs.
KAMINAGI slips past my side, puts space between us in a flashy manner, and stops right in front of SUMERAGI's wreckage.
Subaru: “KAMINAGI had the prime opportunity to attack just now...”
Junna: “I think... she's watching out for a counterattack...”
Junna: “Regardless of how mobile KAMINAGI is... its legs still have to stop moving before it can attack...”
Junna: “Super GunBuild-1 could counter in that window, even if you took the hit.”
Junna: “She wants to prevent that.”
Akiho: “Big Sis!”
Akiho: “Is Kimijima Kou there?”
Misaki: “...”
Misaki: “I am Kimijima Kou.”
Akiho: “What...?”
Misaki: “If you want to take control away from me...”
Misaki: “You must kill me.”
KAMINAGI tears the front leg off of the wreckage of SUMERAGI and raises it up.
It removes the armor and transforms the leg into a giant sword the same height as KAMINAGI.
Now it looks even more like a knight.
But she still shows no intention of attacking me.
As long as I don't move, she won't move either.
That seems to be the plan.
She's still playing the waiting game...!
Does she really want to slaughter five billion people that badly?
I'm here chipping away at years and years of my lifespan just to fight her...
And in the end, I still can't beat her?
I still can't win against Misa-nee?
Is she going to keep toying with me like she always has all the way until the end?
Was everything I did over the last seven years all for nothing?
Is Misa-nee still out of reach...?!
