When I check in with Frau, she's furiously typing away at her keyboard.
She's leaning into the monitor, quietly ranting to herself.
Frau: “Who does that guy think he is, making me use this thing...”
Frau: “Uuugh, table flip.”
Frau: “Adults who look down on others should just drop dead.”
Kaito: “Are you talking about Sawada?”
Frau: “Y-Y-Yes! That guy!”
Frau: “What's with him, anyway? Sending me some app to defeat Kimijima Kou. Like, wut.”
Frau: “J-Just because I'm a shut-in doesn't mean he can look down on me. I-I'll never forgive him for this.”
By the way, I was the one who first received the request from Sawada.
Which I then deferred to Frau.
Kaito: “So, what's the app?”
Frau: “It's basically the same as ‘IRUO.’, apparently. It's a knock-off. It has a stupid long name too, like wtf.”
Kaito: “Stupid long, huh? What's it called?”
Frau brings her face close to the screen and reads it out loud.
Frau: “DG297 3rd EDITION ver. 4.11.”
Kaito: “That is pretty long...”
Frau: “I-In my personal delusions, S-S-Sawada-kyun's already been ravaged like an old cumrag by the burly men here.”
Airi: “He'd sure be vomiting a lot of blood... But that's what's so good about it.”
Kaito: “Wha?”
Frau: “Wtf?!”
Airi: “Er, uh...”
After bearing witness to Airi's sudden interjection, it feels like time slows to a crawl, and not like the slow-mo attack kind.
Airi looks clueless about what she just said.
Frau: “I-I see. 3D Airi-tan is just as c-corrupted as I am.”
Frau nods to herself as if she's deeply moved, then forces a handshake with Airi.
Frau: “My truest of friends! I've longed for your return!”
Frau: “I-I mean, like, a 2D character just materialized into 3D. This is what otaku's have been dreaming of for eons!”
Frau: “No time for food! This needs to be adapted into a movie!”
But nobody's eating anything...
Frau: “Anyway, since we're on the same wavelength, I'll be Airi-tan's owner.”
Kaito: “She's not a pet.”
Frau: “Airi-tan, with the Genki-kun x Gunvarrel ship, Genki-kun would be the top, right?”
Airi: “No. I think Gunvarrel would be the top.”
Frau: “Excuse... me...?”
Frau: “We are NOT on the same wavelength! I refuse to be her owner!”
Kaito: “Enough already. I have NO idea what you two are talking about.”
I yank on both of Frau's pigtails.
Frau: “Ow, ow, that hurts... Hurt me more.”
Frau's antics aside, I definitely saw a little bit of Sister Centipede in Airi's comments.
Maybe some of AR Airi's memories did get carried over to her...
Judging by how clueless she looks, she must be speaking instinctively without really understanding what she was saying...
But right now, none of that matters.
Kaito: “Back on topic, what did you mean when you said the DG-whatever app looks exactly like ‘IRUO.’?”
Frau: “When I told Sawada-kyun that I couldn't trust ‘IRUO.’ as a means of communication...”
Frau: “He sent me this app with a smug-ass look on his face...”
Kaito: “Think we can use it?”
Frau: “I-I haven't checked it out yet, so I don't know.”
Frau: “B-But, if it looks okay, I may just have you all delete ‘IRUO.’ and install ‘DG297’ instead.”
Kaito: “We might be able to incorporate the Kill-Ballad System, too.”
Frau: “I'll give it a try.”
Frau: “So, y-you here to talk about that URL?”
Kaito: “That's right. Have you found anything?”
Frau: “I-I'm about to pull it up.”
Long story short, I asked Frau to look into the final piece of information that Sister Centipede left Airi. It was a URL of some kind.
Said URL was super long, and it came with a password consisting of random numbers and letters.
Amazingly, Airi somehow managed to memorize the entire thing instantly.
She opens up the URL.
Frau: “Oho, there it is.”
Frau: “Wait...”
Frau: “Isn't this ExCo's cloud server?”
Kaito: “What?”
Kaito: “Didn't they tell the media that they didn't have one of those?”
Frau: “Looks like they lied.”
Frau: “Uhh, the hell's this unit ID...?”
Frau suddenly pulls up a scanned document with a “CONFIDENTIAL” stamp on it.
Kaito: “What is that?”
Frau: “It's a list of every manufactured HUG's unit ID.”
Kaito: “Why do you have something like that?”
Frau: “Well, you know... These things do the rounds underground.”
Frau: “There's no such thing as taboo on the net. 2ez.”
Frau: “B-But...”
Frau skims through the list then tilts her head.
Frau: “The IDs in the cloud server all start with HUGX...”
Frau: “But the HUGX series doesn't exist on the market...”
Kaito: “Wait! Hold on, HUGX is the codename for SUMERAGI and KAMINAGI!”
Frau: “Oooh!”
Of course. They're concept models, so their IDs differ from what's currently being used.
Kaito: “Does that mean both SUMERAGI and KAMINAGI aren't standalone models, but they're actually connected online?”
Wait, then why did Sawada lie?
Frau: “And uh, this cloud server is pretty limited in scope.”
Frau: “It looks like the only data it can exchange is info on ‘IRUO.’”
Frau: “Let's see... SUMERAGI's data...”
Frau opens the digital SUMERAGI data that I sent to her PokeCom.
She proceeds to read through it.
Frau: “Found it.”
Frau: “It's capable of pulling up ‘IRUO.’ on the cockpit's screen.”
Frau: “They apparently collaborated with Happiness4U so they could use it like this.”
‘IRUO.’ is an app that Kimijima Kou created.
This is no coincidence. This has to be part of the plan.
Kaito: “I guess Kimijima Kou used the cloud in order to control SUMERAGI.”
Frau: “Were they bluffing when ExCo said they don't use cloud servers?”
Kaito: “Sawada didn't even know about this. Misa-nee, Kimijima Kou, and a select few are likely the only ones who know.”
Kaito: “Plus, Maguyan, the perp of last year's Roboratory Industry Robot Uprising is still on the loose.”
Kaito: “It'd make total sense if that was a rehearsal of sorts for Kimijima Kou.”
Frau: “That would explain the dead Kill-Ballad cheaters!”
Exactly.
How dare he make a mockery out of fighting game players by messing with the leaderboards!
Kaito: “Anyway, well done, Airi-san.”
Airi, who had been quietly observing until now, wears an uneasy smile.
Airi: “I have no idea what's going on...”
Airi: “But if I was able to help at all, it's thanks to Sister Centipede.”
This is info that Sister Centipede gave her life to pass on to us.
We can't let that sacrifice be for nothing.
Kaito: “If we run a virus through this thing, can we disable SUMERAGI?”
Frau: “Possibly. I don't know if we'll make it in time for tomorrow, though.”
Frau: “Wouldn't it be more appropriate to hand this off to Sawada-kyun?”
If we run the Anti Kimijima Kou virus through this server, we might see an immediate effect.
Kaito: “Kona-chan, pass this info to Sawada.”
When we first got back to Tanegashima, we were at a huge disadvantage.
But now, the game plan is slowly coming together, piece by piece.
