Kaito: “Aki!”
When she hesitated last time, I wasn't sure what I'd do.
But she came through this time!
Thank you, Aki-chan!
I've never experienced using Slo-mo three times in a row before.
It feels like a bomb's exploded in my head. That's the sort of intense pain we're talking here.
My vision is flickering.
Kaito: “...”
I want to scream in agony, but my voice won't come out.
The spider's blade slowly moves, looking to sweep Super GunBuild-1's leg.
After waiting two frames...
Now!
Shit!
That was a lethal mistake...!
The blade sinks into Super GunBuild-1's thick leg...
Kaito: “Guhach!”
Akiho: “Kai!”
The immense impact causes the seat to break.
I lose my balance and get thrown against the wall of the cockpit.
My sense of direction is completely gone.
Enduring the pain, I look at my PokeCom...
The ground is approaching fast...
My entire body is assaulted by a fierce impact. I can hear the sounds of my bones breaking.
Pain beyond imagination burns away my consciousness.
Perfect timing.
I predict the path of the blade approaching Super GunBuild-1's leg and fire the pile bunker.
Hit it!
Please hit it!
Slowly...
As though it's being sucked in...
The tip of the pile bunker slams down into the blade from above.
Kaito: “Guh! Hahh, gahahh!”
The pile bunker scores a direct hit on the spider's blade. The blade shatters in two.
I wait for the pile bunker to retract again.
The spider starts lifting its other blade.
We're almost at zero distance. Hell, we're almost touching.
The spider's front leg will have to swing at a longer than normal trajectory in order to swipe at me.
I'll make it in time.
At this range...
I'm faster...!
Kaito: “Aki...!”
The fourth time.
My head throbs as if countless cockroaches are crawling around inside of it.
I've lost almost all sensation in my legs.
At this range where we're almost touching, I can see where the FOS is with my own two eyes.
I turn slightly.
I adjust the angle of the pile bunker...
Hit it!
The sensation in my fingertips is dull.
Don't panic. Input it again...
Then, amidst this world moving in slow motion, my body tilts.
I didn't make it in time?!
I can't hear anything.
But...
When I look down, I see the blade cutting into Super GunBuild-1's frame.
The robot slowly... slowly... starts to tilt over.
Once it hits the ground, the cockpit will be crushed. Game over.
I have no way to recover.
Kaito: “Nngh...”
The flow of time returns to normal.
The ground starts approaching several times faster than before...
I don't even have time to scream.
My vision immediately cuts to black.
Kaito: “...!”
Fire!
In this slow, dead world, there is no sound.
But the impact shakes the machine's frame and my entire body.
My shoulders dig into the seat.
There's still no pain.
Everything suddenly comes flooding back into me as the silent world ends.
I felt that...!
Subaru: “Direct hit confirmed!”
Akiho: “You did it...!”
Junna: “Amazing...!”
Kaito: “Hahh, gahha, kahahh...”
SUMERAGI's core. The FOS.
I scored a direct hit on the right side.
With this, half of the spider won't be able to move.
The remaining three legs on the left side are still wriggling about.
You just don't know when to give up, do you?
In my foggy awareness, I go to finish it off with another attack...
Suddenly, there's an intense release of compressed air from SUMERAGI's body.
Like a smokescreen, it engulfs the entire spider.
The strength leaves its legs.
The spider's belly virtually rips open, and its body splits.
From inside, a slender humanoid silhouette slowly rises up.
Kaito: “...!”
Subaru: “It's abandoning the HUG!”
There, from within the giant body of the spider...
Rises forth a slim, bipedal robot, about half the height of Super GunBuild-1.
Junna: “That's...”
The smoke clears.
Subaru: “KAMINAGI.”
Frau: “Urgh....”
Airi: “...”
Mitsuhiko: “Hoooly...”
Akiho: “It's so cool...”
Kaito: “Eyes on the prize, please.”
Akiho: “Ah, sorry!”
Akiho: “Kai, be careful. ‘That person’ once said:”
Akiho: “‘We won't beat them by force alone.’”
You don't have to tell me that.
I once again turn my attention to KAMINAGI.
A jet black body.
Human-like arms equipped with hands and fingers.
Long, slender legs.
It's almost like a medieval knight clad in black armor.
I can see why Akiho was so enraptured.
According to the data, KAMINAGI stands a little over five meters tall.
It's only about half the height of Super GunBuild-1.
Our robot is nearly twice the size.
So then... why is this thing projecting such an overwhelming aura?
It has a demonic presence.
Yet I find myself entranced by it...
I can't help but tremble.
But...
I set the pile bunker to a 45 degree angle.
Kaito: “Aki-chan! Slo-mo!”
Round Two has already begun...!
Little does she know that as she wastes her time posing...
She's already in range of my pile bunker!
Input command.
Accurately and without error.
Eat this, Misa-nee...!
Victory is mine!
The pile bunker once again fires and produces its painful recoil.
But...
KAMINAGI rapidly steps to the side.
Kaito: “I missed?!”
She dodged it?!
That reaction speed is insane!
My timing should've been perfect!
Shit!
I got too carried away because she looked defenseless!
That was my one chance!
Kaito: “Cough, cough...”
Ugh...
I'm too panicked.
KAMINAGI suddenly steps to the side.
It almost looks human.
And perhaps because I've overused Slo-mo, its movement looked abnormally fast.
Kaito: “Wha...?”
Akiho: “How did it move like that?!”
Frau: “It's so fast!”
Subaru: “This is bad. The difference in specs is worse than we thought, Senpai!”
Kaito: “I can... cough... see that just fine... thanks...!”
My heart is pounding out of control.
Even though Slo-mo is over, I still feel like I'm suffocating.
Junna: “Yashio-kun, she's circled behind you!”
With a lightness to its step, KAMINAGI has already made its way around Super GunBuild-1.
Kaito: “Behind me?!”
Already?!
My movement speed isn't fast enough to turn around.
The cockpit has a 360 degree view, but my eyes can't keep up with Misa-nee's speed.
So instead, I opt to advance and put some distance between us.
But I'm not going to make it in time. I'm prepared to take a hit or two.
Kaito: “?!”
And just as I look over, I realize.
KAMINAGI isn't even looking at Super GunBuild-1.
I was wrong...
Misa-nee's target...
Wasn't me.
Kaito: “MITCHIE, RUN!”
It's the Thunder Emperor!
Mitsuhiko: “Don't underestimate me, Senomiya!”
Thunder Emperor suddenly takes off.
The truck's 660cc engine roars.
The power generator in tow topples over and sparks fly.
Still, Thunder Emperor manages to skim by KAMINAGI's side and drives off toward the VAB.
Misa-nee doesn't attempt to pursue them, instead choosing to keep her distance from Super GunBuild-1.
Kaito: “Misa-nee...! I thought you were better than this...!”
I thought this was a 1v1 between me and Misa-nee.
But despite that, she went after Mitchie and the others... They were completely defenseless...!
She most likely wanted to destroy our robot's power source, but even then... She knows damn well what'd happen to the five people riding in that truck...!
Mitsuhiko: “Is everyone okay?!”
Frau: “I died... Yup, I'm dead. I died just now...”
Subaru: “Urgh... I'm... all right...”
Junna: “Somehow...”
Airi: “Yes, I'm fine too...”
Akiho: “Thank goodness.”
Akiho: “But this is bad, the power generator is...”
Thanks to how the Thunder Emperor took off, the generator slid out of the truck bed, taking the bumper with it.
It's now sitting right in the middle of the launch complex.
With the laser gun now unusable, Super GunBuild-1 has switched to battery power.
Kaito: “I'm guessing I have five minutes at best, eh?”
The laser mount is useless now.
There won't be any more power.
I have to hurry...!
I input the advance command.
I close the distance between us.
Or at least I try to, but KAMINAGI is too fast.
While I lumber forward, she can run in circles and retreat diagonally.
Sidestep and retreat. The fact that KAMINAGI can do both at once means it must have amazing leg maneuverability.
Akiho: “Kai, close the distance!”
Kaito: “I'm trying...!”
But it's not working.
Junna: “I think she's trying to make this a war of attrition...”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
For Misa-nee and Kimijima Kou, if they can just buy 10 minutes, they can make Project Atum a success.
They obviously have the overwhelming advantage in terms of machine specs. There's no reason for them to fight.
We predicted this situation in our strategy meeting.
They also know that we can't just attack the rocket, either. They're toying with us.
Kaito: “I didn't think you'd resort to running out the clock.”
Kaito: “Stop disappointing me, Misa-nee.”
Despite my taunts, KAMINAGI shows no signs of changing tactics.
Nae: “This is Tennouji.”
Nae: “We've safely secured Chief Senomiya.”
Akiho: “...!”
Upon hearing Nae-san's report, Akiho gasps.
