Akiho: “Robotics Club, are we all here?”
Akiho is all pumped up after glancing at each of the club members gathered in the classroom.
Heck, even I feel more focused after changing into my uniform like everyone else did.
Akiho: “I wish we had a dedicated Robotics Club battle uniform or a pilot suit.”
Subaru: “We don't need anything like that.”
Junna: “I guess you couldn't wear one with your leg, Hidaka-kun...”
Subaru: “N-No, that's not it, I just mean that pilot suits are skin-tight.”
Kaito: “Subaru-kun, were you imagining the girls in skin-tight suits?”
Subaru: “I-I was nyot!”
Frau: “I-I'd rather focus on the boys' crotches... Duhuhu...”
Kaito: “Surprising absolutely nobody, Kona-chan is the biggest pervert here.”
Junna: “...”
Meanwhile, our pure-hearted Junna has turned bright red.
That's probably the correct reaction.
Akiho: “All right! Quiet, everyone!”
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Modifications of GunBuild-1 have been completed.”
Akiho: “I'd like to truly thank you all for all your hard work.”
Akiho: “I plan to say thanks to everyone who helped us out, but I wanted to say it to you guys first.”
She bows her head to us.
Both Subaru and Junna look somewhat proud.
Frau, meanwhile... Well, she's fidgeting about, as usual.
Akiho: “I think we did everything we could with the time we had.”
Akiho: “All that's left is to figure out how to fight and how to win.”
Akiho: “And with that, I'd like to begin the mission briefing for our operation to take back TNSC.”
Akiho: “Nae-san. The map, please.”
She spreads open a large paper map.
Two of them, in fact.
One is of the entire island of Tanegashima.
The other is of the Tanegashima Space Center campus.
Nae-san, Mitchie, and Doc are also present at the meeting.
Akiho: “I believe you're all aware that the entire planet and mankind itself is at stake.”
Akiho: “And we have to do something about it.”
Akiho: “If we lose, five billion people die. On top of that, Earth will turn into a planet of death ruled by evildoers.”
Akiho: “This is a fight that we cannot afford to lose.”
Akiho: “But it's going to be okay.”
Akiho: “Justice is on our side.”
Akiho: “I know we'll win! Jakiiin!”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “...”
Junna: “...”
Frau: “...”
Akiho: “Y-You guys can do it too you know...!”
Subaru: “Let's get down to business.”
Akiho: “Okay...”
Akiho's shoulders drop in disappointment for a moment before she recollects herself.
Akiho: “I'll have Nae-san report the latest info on the Space Center.”
Nae: “The enemy's rocket is currently loaded with the BHB. We'll be referring to it as codename Black-1 going forward.”
Nae: “Black-1 is being fueled at Yoshinobu Launch Pad 1 at Tanegashima Space Center's Osaki Launch Complex.”
Nae: “The estimated launch time is between noon and 1 p.m.”
Nae: “There are five remaining terrorists that we know of.”
Nae-san captured the four that raided the old airport. She tried to extract info from them, but they didn't budge.
Nae: “It's safe to assume that all of them are armed.”
Nae: “The people who raided Kona-chan's hotel room only carried handguns.”
Nae: “However, they may be equipped with assault rifles or sniper rifles as well.”
Nae: “It seems that all of the terrorists except for one are familiar with how to launch a rocket.”
Nae: “Instead of preparing for our assault, they must be focused on getting the rocket ready for launch.”
Nae: “It's possible that they have drones too, but even if they did, they shouldn't be able to use them right now.”
Nae: “So, our only real threat among the terrorists is one person.”
Akiho: “Senomiya Misaki and her giant HUG.”
Nae-san nods firmly.
Akiho: “The SUMERAGI that my sister is on is positioned between LP1 and the VAB.”
Akiho: “The enemy's kingpin, Kimijima Kou, is already aware of our existence, so they'll be ready for our assault.”
Akiho: “Other than that, the Space Center should be empty.”
That's the current status of the TNSC, huh?
Akiho: “These are the things we need to be aware of as we make our plans.”
Akiho: “You handle things from here, Subaru. You're the one who put everything together.”
Subaru: “Before that, Yashio-senpai, have you heard anything about the Anti-Kimijima Kou virus from your ExCo contact?”
Kaito: “No, not yet. We might not have it in time.”
Subaru: “I see.”
Subaru doesn't back down, however.
Judging by his response, it would appear that he wasn't expecting it to be ready from the start.
Subaru: “In that case, I'll assume that the Anti-Kimijima Kou virus is unavailable.”
Subaru: “First of all, I identified the following as our victory condition.”
Subaru: “‘Prevent the launch of Black-1.’”
Subaru: “We'll divide our forces into three groups based on this condition.”
Subaru: “Unit A will be the team operating Gunvarrel Prototype Model 1—”
Akiho: “Super GunBuild-1.”
Subaru: “Pardon?”
Akiho: “That's his name. Super GunBuild-1.”
Subaru: “...”
Akiho: “Subaru?”
Subaru: “Hahh... What nonsense...”
Subaru: “But we don't have time to argue about this right now.”
Subaru: “Ahem.”
Subaru: “Unit A will be the team operating Super GunBuild-1: the Chuo T. Robotics Club.”
Subaru: “Unit B will be the infiltration team led by Tennouji-san.”
Subaru: “Unit C will be a trucking unit that will charge into the TNSC should our plan fail.”
Akiho: “Unit C will be on standby in the back during the mission.”
Akiho: “Assume we won't be using them, as we can't rely on their combat capabilities.”
Akiho: “Unit C will only mobilize if we have no means of which to stop the launch.”
Akiho: “If they do mobilize, they'll storm in from the west and north sides. It's basically a suicide mission.”
Akiho: “We have to try our hardest to make sure it doesn't come to that.”
Subaru: “Doc is going to take command of Unit C.”
Fujita: “Aye, you got it.”
Subaru: “As you can see, this mission will consist of mainly Unit A and Unit B.”
Subaru: “The C.T. Robotics Club's Unit A, which will raid the Osaki Launch Complex, is a feint unit.”
Subaru: “A decoy, so to speak.”
Kaito: “...What?”
Subaru: “We're going to be the bait.”
Kaito: “Is that such a good idea?”
Kaito: “If we don't defeat Misa-nee, we can't stop the launch.”
Akiho: “Let him finish, Kai.”
I shut up.
Akiho and Subaru must have a plan.
I don't really care if I'm bait or not as long as I get to fight Misa-nee.
Subaru: “I already laid out the conditions for victory earlier.”
Subaru: “Our goal is strictly to prevent the rocket from launching, not to defeat Senomiya Misaki and SUMERAGI.”
Subaru: “Hence, Unit B and its four members will be the main unit in this operation.”
Nae-san nods vigorously.
Judging by her response, she's already agreed to this plan.
Subaru: “They'll rendezvous with the two on-site personnel eyeing the Osaki Launch Complex and infiltrate the command tower.”
Subaru: “It's possible that they'll run into armed terrorists. This includes Kimijima Kou.”
Nae: “We'll be okay. My people are extremely reliable.”
Nae: “Inui-san and Kondo-san are policemen, and Habu-san is a firefighter. They're as tough as they come!”
Nae: “Not to mention, I'm no slouch myself!”
Nae: “We have a total of four handguns that we confiscated from the terrorists.”
Nae: “Inui-san and Kondo-san each have their police handguns.”
Nae: “We also have two submachine guns and 10 grenades we procured from a certain source.”
Er, what exactly is this source again?
What an oddball...
Subaru: “Once you make it to the command center, please shut down the rocket launch operation.”
Subaru: “This is how we win.”
Nae: “Understood.”
Nae-san is almost too perfect to lead the infiltration unit.
She has great combat skills, knows the TNSC facility inside and out, and she's armed.
And since there aren't very many terrorists on the opposing side, she won't be outnumbered.
However...
Kaito: “The hostage might be put in danger. Are we okay with that?”
The Chief of TNSC—Mr. Senomiya—has been taken hostage.
If they find out about our plan, he could very well be killed as a result.
Akiho: “We... don't have time to discuss it.”
Kaito: “Are you okay with that, Aki-chan?”
Akiho shakes her head side to side rigorously.
Akiho: “Of course I'm not.”
Akiho: “But... we're not the special forces or the military. We can't come up with the perfect plan.”
Akiho: “That's why there are things we'll have to sacrifice in order to get this right.”
Akiho: “All I can do is hope that he'll be okay.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho is obviously doing her best not to let her personal feelings leak out.
She's biting down tightly on her lip, and her hands are clenched into tight fists.
She's trying desperately not to think about the possibility that her father may be murdered by her own sister.
Which is why I opt not to pry any further.
Subaru: “Moving on.”
Subaru: “In order to avert their attention away from Unit B's actions, we need Super GunBuild-1 to make a huge scene.”
Subaru: “Super GunBuild-1 will march from the old airport, all the way to the TNSC.”
Junna: “Um... couldn't we just bring it near the space center using the trucks?”
Subaru: “Super GunBuild-1 can't stand on its own.”
Subaru: “If it gets attacked mid-transport, we won't have any countermeasures.”
Subaru: “Which means that we should just walk it all the way there.”
Subaru: “It may sound foolish, but since we have a good idea of when the rocket will launch, we don't need to rush.”
Subaru: “It'll serve as somewhat of a trial run. Furugoori also hasn't finished updating the programming.”
Akiho: “Besides, if we make a show of our approach like that, they'll be distracted by Super GunBuild-1, right?”
Akiho: “It'll make it that much easier for Nae-san's unit to sneak in.”
Subaru: “The SUMERAGI is currently at the Osaki Launch Complex, but it may move up to meet us in combat.”
Subaru: “In which case, we have the upper hand.”
And that'll leave the TNSC practically defenseless...
Kaito: “By the way, I'm not planning to tie with Misa-nee. I'm going to beat her. Will that be a problem?”
Fujita: “Hmph. Think you have what it takes, Escort?”
Doc had been patiently listening up until now. He has a big grin on his face.
Fujita: “Not too shabby, kid.”
Kaito: “Thanks.”
Subaru: “There's no problem with you beating SUMERAGI.”
Akiho: “You can win, Kai. Justice is on our side!”
Subaru: “I also believe that you can win.”
Kaito: “Huh...?”
I didn't expect Subaru to agree.
I figured he'd tell me to quit dreaming or something.
But of course, Subaru doesn't stop there.
Subaru: “However, that is only limited to SUMERAGI.”
Kaito: “...What are you getting at?”
Subaru: “The chances of you defeating KAMINAGI are exponentially low.”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “This is why I designated Super GunBuild-1 as bait.”
He's right that there's a hopeless gap between our basic capabilities.
It may bug me, but I'm still glad that Subaru is able to maintain his cool through all of this.
Kaito: “Alright, so if we're dealing with KAMINAGI, my skills as a pilot are gonna get pushed to the limit.”
That in and of itself gets me fired up, so I can't say I mind too much.
It is pretty annoying, though.
Kaito: “Let's talk about Model-1. How's it been modified?”
Subaru nods.
Subaru: “Its legs now use monopole motors, so its walk speed is far faster than the original's, even if it's not as fast as Model-2.”
Subaru: “The biggest change is that we've removed its arms.”
Kaito: “Huh, so you did lop 'em off.”
Subaru: “They were just decorative, after all.”
Akiho: “The brass doesn't—”
Subaru: “You said that yesterday, too.”
Akiho: “...”
Kaito: “You removed the arms and attached a pile bunker, yeah?”
Subaru: “Correct. It's Doc's special build.”
Fujita: “Just one for now. It's on the left arm.”
Fujita: “The second one is still being tuned. It's not ready yet.”
Fujita: “It'll be complete in a couple of hours. Once done, we'll catch up to you by truck.”
Subaru: “We'll be equipping it on the way there.”
Kaito: “Can we do that?”
Fujita: “The attachments are pre-installed. All we gotta to do is put it on.”
Fujita: “Of course, it'll require crane operation and professional operators.”
Subaru: “Right now, GunBuild-1 is equipped with a sandbag to act as a counterweight to maintain balance.”
Akiho: “It looks crazy ugly...”
It's huge progress that Akiho was willing to compromise.
Subaru: “We installed a servomotor on the shoulders for angle modification, but there are only three levels of adjustment.”
Subaru: “The default position is facing down. This is the position you'll return to after firing.”
Subaru: “Next is a 45 degree angle. This is if we're dealing with KAMINAGI, so we may not have a use for this.”
We'll see about that.
Subaru: “Lastly, 90 degrees. This is for fighting SUMERAGI.”
Akiho: “Is there a limit to how many times we can use the pile bunker?”
Fujita: “It depends on your power supply. It eats up a lot of energy.”
Fujita: “It won't be a problem if power is supplied constantly via laser transmission.”
Fujita: “But be careful if you're operating on battery power.”
Subaru: “The laser gun will be loaded onto Nagafukada-sensei's truck, which'll follow behind Super GunBuild-1.”
Subaru: “However, things are going to get rough during combat, so please don't necessarily expect a consistent supply of power.”
Fujita: “Also, keep this in mind if you're gonna attack using the pile bunker:”
Fujita: “When you fire it, there's no doubt the recoil'll bang up not just the enemy, but our robot, too. If that happens, it'll be useless.”
Fujita: “Depending on the circumstances, you may only be able to use it once. Don't forget that.”
Kaito: “Got it.”
Subaru: “The pile bunker is tuned strictly for firepower. However, it's not powerful enough to destroy SUMERAGI's armor.”
Subaru: “In fact, if it hits somewhere durable, Super GunBuild-1 is the one that'll be incapacitated, as Doc said.”
Subaru: “I looked over SUMERAGI's specifications, so even if we took out one of its six legs, we wouldn't be able to stop it.”
Kaito: “That's probably why it has six legs.”
Subaru: “And because of those things, it won't be easy to launch a close-range attack on its torso.”
Subaru: “However, there is one exception. Using a spider as reference, it'd be where the eyes would be.”
Subaru: “The FOS is located there.”
Kaito: “The Finger... Operating System, right?”
Subaru: “Correct.”
Subaru: “In essence, it's the brain that controls the movement of the six legs.”
Fujita: “If we can take that out, we can incapacitate SUMERAGI.”
Subaru: “Think you can manage that? It'll require impeccable aim.”
Kaito: “I've got no choice.”
I'm not in a position where I can choose what I can or can't do.
I just gotta do it.
Akiho: “The problem is that SUMERAGI has a projectile attack.”
Akiho: “We have to figure out how to deal with its missiles.”
Subaru: “Furugoori can speak to that.”
Frau: “The info we got from Airi-tan was s-super useful.”
Frau: “W-We'll use the ‘DG297’ app that Sawada-kyun sent us y-yesterday.”
Everyone has already installed it on their PokeComs.
Frau: “Th-That's all, folks. Questions?”
Akiho: “H-Hey, Frau Bow. You didn't actually explain anything.”
Frau: “B-Basically, we're going to blind the missiles.”
Frau: “In order to do that, all we have to do is place geotags all over the Osaki Launch Complex.”
Junna: “Will that be enough?”
‘DG297’ is an app that was created to function like ‘IRUO.’ It can see ‘IRUO.’ geotags as well as place them.
We have Frau explain to us the effect that placing geotags has on the missiles.
This method gives us the ability to engage in hand-to-hand combat without worrying about them.
Much like Gunvarrel, we don't have any projectile weapons, but this should allow us to cover that handicap. Should being the key word.
This way, I can bust the FOS with the pile bunker and disable SUMERAGI.
Kaito: “We may have a chance.”
Mitsuhiko: “Looks like we won't have to worry about missiles hitting the Thunder Emperor.”
Subaru: “Even without the missiles, it's not going to be easy closing in on SUMERAGI.”
Subaru: “And remember, if we lure it into hand-to-hand combat, each of the front legs are equipped with a blade.”
Those are what destroyed Model-2.
Kaito: “Well, I'll just have to deal with those using my skills.”
Subaru: “Should you really be taking them so lightly?”
Subaru: “If even one of those blades hits Super GunBuild-1's body...”
Subaru: “You're dead, Yashio-senpai.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho: “...”
A tense moment of silence.
Kaito: “C'mon, I don't suck that bad.”
Kaito: “Besides, I have a plan of my own.”
Akiho: “A plan...?”
Kaito: “I have a special ability I call Slo-mo. For those of you who don't know, it looks like I'm having a seizure when it happens.”
Kaito: “When Slo-mo occurs, my reaction speed gets 10 times faster.”
Kaito: “Thanks to this little device, I can trigger it on command.”
I point at the EM irradiation device sitting by my feet.
The circuit board I got from the old community center the day before has already been inserted.
I tested it out on myself earlier, and it worked like a charm.
Kaito: “Let's just say that my current reaction speed is pretty OP.”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Kaito: “Anyway, I can somewhat cover for Super GunBuild-1's flaws with my own abilities.”
Like Subaru said at the start, it should be enough to take down SUMERAGI.
The problem is KAMINAGI.
If it gets deployed to buy time, then we're screwed.
As far as the robots' raw capabilities are concerned, our odds are 0:10.
We have no chance.
That's why I didn't object to Nae-san's Unit B being the primary strike force.
Akiho: “Even if we manage to drag KAMINAGI out, don't push yourself too hard, Kai.”
Akiho: “If they want to buy time, we can play that game, too.”
Nae: “That's right. Leave the heavy lifting to me and my people♪”
Kaito: “Roger that.”
That said, I'm not looking for a draw here.
This is the fight to determine who's the best in the world.
Isn't that right, Misa-nee?
Akiho: “That's everything!”
Akiho: “It's time for me to announce the positions for Unit A!”
Er, what?
Akiho: “Super Gunbuild-1's pilot will be Kai.”
Kaito: “Duh. I don't plan on giving that up to anyone this time around.”
Akiho: “Behind him will be Mitchie driving the Thunder Emperor.”
Mitsuhiko: “Got it.”
Fujita: “The power source vehicle will be pulled by the Thunder Emperor.”
Fujita: “Mitsuhiko, you best drive smoothly.”
Mitsuhiko: “I know, I know. I told you, I always follow the speed limit. That's a tip.”
Mitsuhiko: “Plus, I'll be livestreaming this all over the world, so I've gotta make sure the picture's good. You're in good hands.”
Mitchie likes to record everything on video, but I've never actually seen any footage he's taken, though.
Akiho: “The mount for the laser transmission gun will be on the Thunder Emperor's bed. Jun, you'll be operating it.”
Junna: “O-Osu!”
Akiho: “Try not to get tossed off of the truck, okay?”
Junna: “O-O-Osu...”
Akiho: “Frau Bow, you'll be sitting in the passenger seat of Thunder Emperor so you can update Super GunBuild-1.”
Frau: “Excuse... me...?”
Akiho: “We need you to focus on programming. Plus, you don't even have a scooter license, Frau Bow.”
Frau: “D-Don't blame me if the seat gets covered in puke...”
Mitsuhiko: “My driving isn't THAT bad.”
Frau: “Hah hah, this guy, everyone.”
Subaru: “Doc and I will remain here to finish tuning the second pile bunker.”
Akiho: “Right. Meet up with us later.”
Akiho: “In charge of Unit A will be me, Senomiya Akiho!”
Kaito: “...”
Subaru: “...”
Frau: “...”
Junna: “...”
Akiho: “Uh, hello...? Should I take that as a no?”
Kaito: “What are you saying?”
Kaito: “It means no one objects.”
Subaru: “Well, you are the president, I suppose. I'll let you have the spotlight this time.”
Junna: “I don't think anyone else can be the commander except you, Akiho-chan.”
Frau: “A n-new archetype is born: ‘Clueless Commander in Chief.’ I like it. Duhuhu...”
Kaito: “We're counting on you, President.”
Akiho: “Ah, r-right...!”
Akiho: “Okay, everyone! Huddle up!”
Akiho loves sporty stuff like this.
Despite usually being annoyed by her antics, not a single one of us disobeys.
Akiho: “Let's win this thing with the power of our dreams, courage, and friendship!”
Akiho: “Everyone, all together now!”
Akiho: “C.T. Robotics Club! Blast of spirit! Yoira~Iki!”
Four people: “Yoira~Iki!”
Well that was a little embarrassing...
But oddly enough, I think it helped us all feel like we could do this.
