The aircraft approaches the skies above Tanegashima.
This aircraft model has a maximum flight range of about 1,700 kilometers.
It's a propeller plane, so I thought its range would be shorter, but it was actually more than enough.
I figured we'd be landing at the New Tanegashima Airport, but Dad announced that we're headed for the old one.
I suppose it saves us some trouble if we land there.
But the old airport's runway hasn't been used in over 10 years.
Plus, there are no guidance lights, and thanks to the rain, visibility is poor.
I told Dad that he didn't have to land there in these conditions...
But according to Dad, there's been no response from the new airport's control tower.
It's possible that something happened there.
The decision to land at the old airport was made with that in consideration.
Well, it's not like my opinion really matters here.
I should leave this one to the professionals.
As the plane prepares to land, we all sit down and buckle up.
After Airi woke up, Akiho switched seats and is now sitting next to her, holding her hand to try and make her feel better.
It's almost dawn.
Tanegashima looks dark from up here, but it doesn't seem like the power's out.
In fact, despite it being before dawn, there are lights on inside quite a number of houses.
Misa-nee...
Are you down there?
Shigemi: “Everyone, please brace for impact.”
Outside the window, the ground is already drawing near.
When landing at the Old Tanegashima Airport, you pass right over Nakatane.
I can very clearly see the lights on inside of a bunch of houses.
Dad is estimating the position of the runway using only those lights.
If we crashed in the middle of town, it'd be a huge disaster...
No. I trust him.
I believe in my Dad.
It's then that the frame of the plane suddenly drops.
Despite wearing my seatbelt, my body floats up in the air, and I nearly hit my head on the ceiling.
Mitsuhiko: “Ahh, that's the school! We're gonna crash!”
Yup. That sure is the roof of our school getting real close.
The aircraft just barely glides over it.
Shigemi: “I have some bad news.”
Shigemi: “It appears that due to a malfunction, the landing gear is not deploying.”
Kaito: “What?!”
You've gotta be kidding me!
Shigemi: “However, be at ease.”
Shigemi: “I promised to get everyone to Tanegashima.”
Shigemi: “And I'm going to keep that promise. That's what a man of the sky does.”
Is now the time to be acting cool?!
Akiho: “Uncle Shigemi, you've got this!”
Sumio: “Yeah! Show us your Tanegashima spirit!”
Kaito: “You can do it, Dad!”
Shigemi: “Please brace yourselves and protect your heads!”
Shigemi: “We'll be doing a belly landing!”
A staggering impact explodes under my feet.
The intense sound of metal scraping against pavement echoes throughout the cabin.
If we overshoot the runway, there's nothing but a cliff at the end waiting for us.
Will we stop in time?
Kaito: “Stop...!”
Kaito: “Stooop!”
Kaito: “...”
The shaking stops.
The engine stops as well, and the inside of the plane is blanketed in silence.
Shigemi: “We have arrived at the Old Tanegashima Airport four minutes behind schedule.”
Shigemi: “Ojarimouse. Welcome to Tanegashima.”
...You're out of your mind, Dad.
And stop trying to act cool!
Kaito: “Everyone, let's hurry up and get outside!”
This thing could very well explode at any minute.
We disembark and make a dash for the hangar.
Mr. Candy carries Airi on his large back.
Junna: “Heeey! Over here! Over here!”
Junna is there to greet us, waving a flashlight around wildly.
She leads us into the hangar.
Kaito: “Hahh, that was crazy...”
Akiho: “Uncle Shigemi was so cool!”
Kaito: “I do wish he'd take it down a notch...”
Speaking of Dad, he was last to exit the plane. He's currently standing in front of it, bowing his head in respect to the damaged frame as the rain pours down on them.
Junna: “Akiho-chan, Yashio-kun, I'm so glad you're both safe...”
Frau: “Whoa, what's with this married couple aura c-coming off of Prez-senpai and Yashio-senpai? All you normies should just go die.”
Subaru: “If nothing else, you two of you are awfully stubborn.”
Three of the former Robotics Club members are together in the hangar.
The cast on Subaru's leg is covered in mud from the rain.
Akiho: “Everyone...”
Akiho's expression is apologetic as she hesitantly looks at them.
I give her a little push on the back and she almost falls over. She now stands before Junna, Subaru, and Frau.
Akiho looks each of them in the eyes before bowing her head deeply.
Akiho: “Everyone, I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...”
Akiho: “I couldn't protect GunBuild-2. He's gone...”
Akiho: “Even though we all worked so hard on him... I'm so sorry...”
Akiho: “It's my fault for being selfish and bringing GunBuild-2 with me to Tokyo...!”
Subaru: “Please raise your head, Prez.”
Akiho: “You guys are still calling me that...?”
Akiho: “But the Robotics Club is... It's gone.”
Junna: “You're our president... and that's what I want to call you... I know I quit before... but is it still okay for me to call you that...?”
Frau: “Prez-senpai is s-so serially serious.”
Subaru: “I don't recall ever quitting the Robotics Club, so I see no reason why I would not call you Prez.”
Kaito: “You're still the president as far as I'm concerned.”
Akiho: “Everyone...”
Akiho: “Okay. Thank you so much...”
She wipes the tears from her eyes.
Akiho: “C.T. Robotics Club president, Senomiya Akiho, has returned! Jakiiin!”
As she makes her declaration, Akiho strikes a strange pose.
