Even after dawn, the rain shows no signs of letting up.
I know that it's technically protecting us, but it also forces us to work in this cramped hangar.
Fujita: “Keep coming, keep coming!”
We support the servomotor hanging from the crane and carefully insert it into Model-1's joint.
Unfortunately, things don't go so well and we're forced to have the crane come and go over and over again.
The servomotor finally settles in the right position, and we have to act fast to secure it.
We use several thick bolts and electric nutrunners, but Model-1's legs are incredibly thick.
The joints require multiple large screws... Er, bolts. That's what connects it all together.
To exchange a motor, the bolts need to be removed first, followed by all the leg parts.
Specifically, everything below the ankles. The shins, the thighs... Six parts in total across both legs.
Each part is nearly two meters tall while lying down, and over three meters long.
They're secured to the crane attached to the truck Doc arrived in. The crane then lifts up the boltless parts.
The motors are also pretty big—way bigger than the engine inside a car.
We have to be careful about our work, but we also can't waste too much time.
With that in mind, having a crane makes a huge difference.
We could never get this done on our own.
That said, of all the people here, Junna and I aren't particularly useful.
Which is why things have been pretty slow.
It's also frustrating that no other work can be done until the motor exchange is complete.
This is the first time I've actually regretted not helping out earlier.
If I'm the one piloting this thing, I should be the one making sure it's in tip-top shape.
I'm trusting this thing with my life, after all.
I can't win without it.
I knew I'd have to mess with the settings a bit, but up until now, I always thought that all I needed to win was my own ability. 
But now I know better. If I'm gonna be the best, it's important that I pay attention to maintenance of the robot, too.
Akiho: “Argh!”
Akiho: “If only we had one more crane...”
Junna and I concentrate on tightening the screws.
It kinda feels like we're the pit crew in a race or something.
Junna: “Um... How many is that now?”
Akiho: “Five! Just one to go! We've got this!”
It already took over five hours to get this far.
Just like Subaru said, this'll probably take the full six hours.
And we're not done after that.
There's still lots of work remaining.
I pulled an all-nighter, so this is getting pretty rough.
I might not be in the best condition for tomorrow's—
Akiho: “Twoaah?!”
Akiho's foot gets caught on a cord.
She falls over, taking the parts and metal plates in the area with her.
Junna: “Akiho-chan!”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, are you okay?!”
Akiho: “Oww... I'm fine...”
Fujita: “Quit bein' careless and put some backbone into it!”
Akiho: “Sorry!”
Wow. It's been a while since I've seen Doc spit hot fire.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, are you tired? You haven't slept, have you?”
Kaito: “If you push yourself too hard, you're gonna have another attack. You should rest.”
Akiho: “Right back at you, Kai.”
Akiho: “I can't rest now. If I don't do this, who will?”
Kaito: “But—”
???: “What's the meaning of this?!”
I jump a little.
I know that hysterical voice...
Vice Principal Usui: “What exactly is going on here?!”
Akiho: “Oh no... The vice principal...”
Why in the world is she here?
This is literally the last thing we need right now.
Vice Principal Usui: “Didn't I tell you all that the Robotics Club is disbanded?”
Junna: “Vice Principal Usui...! This is, um, an emergency situation...”
Vice Principal Usui: “Whether or not it's an emergency is inconsequential! If you're going to use this place, you need to talk to me, first!”
Akiho: “Vice Principal Usui...”
Akiho: “Please overlook it, just for today!”
Akiho: “I swear, we'll explain it all later!”
Vice Principal Usui: “Out of the question.”
Kaito: “Why do you have to be so goddamn stubborn...?”
She pays no mind to my language and instead takes out her PokeCom, fiddling with the screen for a couple seconds.
Vice Principal Usui: “Everyone, please sign here.”
She then thrusts her PokeCom toward Akiho.
Vice Principal Usui: “If you do not, you shall all be expelled!”
Vice Principal Usui: “There may only be a few days until graduation, but that holds no relevance here!”
Kaito: “Cut us some slack, Vice Principal Usui! You don't even have the authority to do that.”
Kaito: “We're not gonna listen to you.”
Kaito: “This is about more than just this school...!”
Vice Principal Usui: “...”
Kaito: “C'mon, say something! You could at least pretend to give a damn!”
Akiho: “Kai, wait!”
Akiho stops me as she looks at the VP's PokeCom.
Akiho: “Um... VP Usui, what exactly is this?”
Akiho: “It looks like a... club entry form.”
Kaito: “Huh...?”
Say what?
Vice Principal Usui: “None of you have been affiliated with a club since the Robotics Club was disbanded last month.”
Vice Principal Usui: “If you're going to reform said club, you'll all need to sign club entry forms.”
Vice Principal Usui: “This may be an emergency situation, but you must still follow the rules.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Otherwise, if something were to happen, the school wouldn't be able to take responsibility for you.”
Akiho: “VP... Usui...?”
Wait... What just happened?
Are my ears busted?
Akiho, Junna, Subaru, and myself are all stunned.
Frau: “...VP Usui is a real tsundere.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Now hurry up and write your names, school years, and classes! All of you!”
Akiho: “O-Okay...!”
Kaito: “Are you telling me she was actually a decent person all along...?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Did you say something, Yashio-kun?”
Kaito: “N-Not at all!”
She shoots me a sharp glare.
She really is scary...
Mitsuhiko: “Sorry for the wait, Vice Principal Usui!”
Mitchie suddenly comes running over.
Where has our delinquent teacher been this entire time?
Wait, it's not just him... Our homeroom teacher—Kobasen—the other teachers, and even the principal all pop up one after the other.
They're all holding supermarket bags in their hands.
They're filled with drinks, pastries, rice balls, and more.
Vice Principal Usui: “Nagafukada-sensei, where exactly did you go shopping?!”
Mitsuhiko: “Uh... Nishinoomote...? It was real tough getting them to open before business hours.”
Vice Principal Usui: “Fine, fine. Just hand it over to the students.”
Kaito: “What exactly is this...? Is it poisoned?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Are you out of your mind? They're very clearly refreshments!”
Wh-Why does she have to keep getting so angry?
The teachers lay out a blue sheet in the corner of the hangar and start lining up the refreshments they bought.
Akiho: “Whoa, that's a lot...”
Vice Principal Usui: “Senomiya-san, don't tell me you think this is all for your Robotics Club?”
Akiho: “You mean it's not?”
Vice Principal Usui: “Obviously! These are also for all the students who volunteered to help.”
Junna: “Huh...? Volunteers...?”
Mitsuhiko: “Let's just call this an extracurricular activity. That's a pro tip.”
It's awfully noisy outside of the hangar.
I hear lots of voices growing closer.
Our teachers aren't the only ones who've come.
Outside of the hangar are nearly 100 students in raincoats.
Mitsui: “Heeey, Junnaaa!”
Yamamoto: “We're here to heeelp!”
Junna's friends...
Nagamine: “Aaah, this is gonna be a pain.”
Mihama: “But it sounds like the world's gonna end if we don't help.”
Nagamine: “Welp, fine, guess I'll help out. The Robotics Club's giving it their all, so I guess I will too.”
All of my classmates who made fun of the Robotics Club...
Female Student A: “Aaah! Even in a cast, Hidaka-kun is so dreamy!”
Female Student B: “Let's do our best so that he remembers our names!”
Even some schoolgirls with some... impure motives.
There are so many people... Over half of the school most likely.
Vice Principal Usui: “They're all students who volunteered of their own volition in order to assist you.”
Vice Principal Usui: “They all understand in their own way what's occurring on this island, and they want to do whatever they can to help.”
Akiho: “Everyone...”
Vice Principal Usui: “Therefore, Senomiya-san—”
Vice Principal Usui: “Chuo Tanegashima High's faculty and volunteer students will follow your instructions as club president.”
Akiho: “...”
Several large trucks come driving into the airport.
What now?
Fujita: “Ah, they've finally arrived.”
Doc looks at the trucks, unsurprised.
Fujita: “I filled in all the workshops around the island.”
Fujita: “Kamata, Minato, all of 'em. I asked them to get a bunch of parts together and meet up here.”
Kamata: “Akiho-chaaan! I'm here to help!”
Minato: “We got every mechanic on Tanegashima here, so there ain't nothin' to fear!”
Familiar guys from the local workshops poke their heads out from the trucks, waving enthusiastically at us.
Akiho: “Everyone...”
Old Man Kamata was the only guy who ever cooperated with us. The other workshops always kept their distance.
And yet here they all are now.
Kaito: “I think I finally understand how terrifying you really are, Doc.”
Fujita: “Hmph, shut it.”
Fujita: “Anyhow, big and small cranes combined, we now got five of 'em.”
Fujita: “No more complaints, Akiho.”
Akiho: “G-Got it!”
Sumio: “Gahaha! Hold it, hold it, hold iiiit!”
Mr. Candy appears at the head of a bunch of buff dudes. They come marching in like some kind of mini parade.
Sumio: “I brought a bunch of youngins from Nishinoomote, and my own employees too!”
Nae: “Wah! We're late!”
Following after them are a bunch of JAXA employees in their work uniforms. Nae-san is in front. 
Behind her is Harunaka-san, the guy who helped us assemble Model-2. Young and old JAXA engineers come running over with them.
Nae: “Everyone is super duper fired up and ready to go!”
Nae: “They refuse to let those terrorists take over the TNSC, and they also want to save Chief Senomiya!”
Nae: “Please allow us to help as well!”
Getting help from JAXA engineers alone would be huge for us, but it's not just them.
There are elderly who usually work the fields, housewives, blue-collar men, and even loud children all gathered here in the rain.
Fumiko: “Kaito! Kaito!”
It's Mom.
Dad is standing next to her.
Kaito: “Mom! You're safe!”
Fumiko: “Yep! I evacuated here with Tamaki-san.”
Fumiko: “We're gonna cook you all up something real tasty, so go kick some butt!”
Mom then disappears into the crowd.
Dad silently salutes me and follows after her.
Subaru: “Ah, Dad...!”
Subaru's very confused shout causes me to turn around.
The very same man who punched his own son last summer is standing right next to Subaru, a sullen look on his face.
Hiromu: “I told you not to push yourself. What'll you do if you can't ever walk normally again?”
Subaru: “I'm sorry...”
Hiromu: “...”
Hiromu: “You don't have to move a single step.”
Hiromu: “I'll be your legs.”
Subaru: “Wait... You're going to help us?”
Hiromu: “...I want to see with my own two eyes this thing you said you love so much.”
Subaru: “...Thank you.”
I never thought his dad would back down.
But it's not just Subaru's old man.
The VP, too.
This is more than a little shocking.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...”
Akiho: “Everyone on the island is coming together as one.”
Akiho: “So many people are helping us protect this place.”
Akiho: “People we didn't get along with before. People we did get along with. Our families. People we've never met.”
Akiho: “Everyone's here to work toward a single goal...”
Akiho looks like she could start crying at any moment, so I give her a pat on the shoulder.
Kaito: “Looks like we've become this little island's hope.”
Kaito: “We best make sure we don't betray their expectations.”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
Akiho: “With this, Tanegashima can fight on for another 10 years...!”
Kaito: “Yeah, let's not fight for that long...”
Either way, this final battle is one that we can't afford to lose. No matter what.
