The command center inside the Central Command Tower has overseen countless rocket launches. It's the heart of the TNSC.
This is where the main staff gathers to analyze conditions and ultimately make the go/no-go decision for launch.
I sit on one of the chairs and stare blankly at the small toy.
Fink.
I took it from Dad's office.
Considering I'm the one who made it, I'm sure he wouldn't mind if I took it without asking.
It's already been 30 hours since we occupied the TNSC.
The BHB should be loaded and ready to go.
Losing the Priests hurts, but the five staff members I brought for the launch are here, so it isn't a particular issue.
We invaded with a low head count so we could prevent intel about targeting this island from leaking up until the very end.
The more people involved, the higher the risk of information getting out.
Kimijima Kou hated leaks.
He even kept the info secret from the Committee of 300—his masters—and the Tavistock Institute until the very end.
It's working out so far.
Wizard 1: “Wyvern. This is Wizard 1.”
Wizard 1: “Operation complete.”
Misaki: “...”
I fight off my listlessness and stand up.
The preparations are complete.
Today, the project will come to an end.
Misaki: “This is Wyvern. Roger that.”
Misaki: “Half a day until the deadline...”
Misaki: “Aki... Kai...”
Misaki: “Please make it in time...”
And put an end to me.
Kimijima Kou: “That will not be happening.”
Misaki: “?!”
Someone's presence emerges behind me.
Kimijima Kou: “I need you to eliminate those irregulars.”
Kimijima Kou: “At all costs.”
Misaki: “...”
Kimijima Kou: “That is your final mission. Once that's done, you will be released.”
Kimijima Kou: “You've done a great job over these past nine years.”
Misaki: “By then, five billion people will be dead.”
Kimijima Kou: “And isn't that just wonderful?”
Misaki: “Ngh...”
He's invading me.
His presence is eating away at my body.
He's poisoning my body and mind.
My fingers and my arms stop moving.
His will is consuming my consciousness.
It feels as if dark, sticky tar is pouring into my bloodstream.
Like countless parasites are wriggling underneath my skin.
Like a molten steel rod is being jammed into the center of my brain.
Like a giant serpent is wrapped around my limbs and violently tightening around me.
Misaki: “Nngh... Gh...”
It's disappearing.
Whatever was left of Senomiya Misaki.
She's being infected and erased.
This curse is constraining me.
Aki...
Kai...
I exit outside.
The wind is still strong and humid.
But the clouds in the sky are moving along. Through the gaps between them, I get a peek at the night sky beyond.
Misaki: “All units, can you hear me?”
Misaki: “First go/no-go decision: weather is a go.”
Misaki: “Release the VAB. Begin transfer to the launch point.”
The largest door in the world is slowly opening...
And from the darkness emerges a pitch black rocket.
The devil's spear that will open the gates of hell, burning the Earth to ash.
And soon, it will be launched from the most beautiful launch site on the planet.
