Akiho: “Kai, stop for a sec.”
At Akiho's orders, I stop inputting the advance command.
My shoulders are stiff.
I've lost almost all sensation in my ass.
Repeatedly inputting the same command for hours isn't hard, but the shaking is really getting to me.
But finally, after nearly five hours, we've arrived.
Akiho: “The gate's open...”
The gate to the Osaki Launch Complex always has a guard. Entrance is forbidden for unrelated personnel.
But right now, there are no guards. The gate is wide open.
Up ahead waits Misa-nee and Kimijima Kou.
The rocket loaded with the BHB is supposed to be launched in less than 30 minutes.
Junna: “Just two months ago, we were here building Model-2...”
Akiho: “...”
Subaru: “...”
Frau: “...”
And then we got kicked out after it was revealed that the TNSC would be launching its first rocket in years.
I never even dreamed back then that we'd be returning here like this.
Talk about a twist of fate.
To be honest, I'm pretty fired up.
Nae: “This is Tennouji.”
Akiho: “Nae-san, what's the situation over there?”
Nae: “I've rendezvoused with the observers. We're all in position.”
Nae: “Also, we now know the specific X-time.”
Nae: “X-time is 12:27:00.”
Nae: “I repeat. X-time is 12:27:00.”
Nae: “We have a little over 30 minutes left...”
Akiho: “Understood.”
Kaito: “Sounds like we're really cutting it close.”
If we had spent even another hour on maintenance and refinement, we wouldn't have made it in time.
We're also fortunate that the enemy didn't attack us along the way.
It looks like Misa-nee and her team are focused on defending the launch site.
Nae: “Once Super GunBuild-1 enters combat, we'll charge in as well.”
Nae: “Everyone in the Robotics Club, good luck.”
Akiho: “You guys be safe too.”
Nae: “Okey dokey♪”
I take a deep breath.
I stretch my arms out wide to loosen up my body.
I bend and extend my knees in the narrow cockpit.
Nobody's said anything since Nae-san's report.
Even Mitchie puts a lid on his pro tips.
With the decisive battle ahead of us, everyone is probably nervous, doing their best to calm their hearts and minds.
To be honest, I had kinda hoped some adults would step in and save the day.
I mean, the military and the police exist for stuff like this, right?
On top of that, Sawada never got back to us.
I guess the Anti-Kimijima Kou virus didn't make it in time.
Regardless...
Out of everyone on Earth, the only people in any position right now to stop the rocket launch is us.
We're the only ones who made it here.
There's no turning back now. We can't stop here.
There's only 30 minutes until that rocket launches, leading to the deaths of five billion people.
In that half hour, the fate of all of humanity will be decided.
We're cutting it real damn close.
This is our last chance.
But I couldn't care less about that.
If I focused on that, I'd never be able to beat Misa-nee.
And I will defeat her.
I'll become #1.
That's my one and only victory condition.
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up, everyone.”
The first to open his mouth and break the silence is our very own delinquent advisor.
Mitsuhiko: “Your teacher has a pro tip up his sleeve that'll calm your nerves down real quick.”
Mitsuhiko: “Write the kanji character for person three times in the palm of your hand and then swallow it.”
Akiho: “That's... really not a pro tip...”
Mitsuhiko: “Either way, you better not moon us out there, Yashio.”
Mitsuhiko: “I'm livestreaming this out to the entire world right now.”
Mitsuhiko: “We're getting flooded with messages of support not just in Japanese, but in English, French, Portuguese, and even Arabic, too!”
Wait, what...? First I've heard of it.
Mitsuhiko: “Anyway, what that means is that right now, the entire world is on your side.”
Akiho's expression grows serious.
Akiho: “Everyone...”
Akiho: “Are you ready?”
Akiho: “If we follow the plan, I know we'll win.”
We don't need words anymore.
I can tell just by looking at everyone's faces through my PokeCom.
We're ready.
Kaito: “Aki-chan. Give the order.”
Junna: “Akiho-chan.”
Frau: “Prez-senpai.”
Airi: “...”
Subaru: “Prez.”
Kaito: “Aki-chan.”
Akiho: “Alright...! Super GunBuild-1, attack!”
