The wind feels amazing.
It honestly feels like the wind never stops blowing on Tanegashima.
The trailer with Super GunBuild-1 loaded on it advances slowly down the national highway, no cars in sight.
Compared to Mitchie driving the Thunder Emperor, Doc's driving is infinitely more comfortable.
We're riding along with the robot in the cargo bed, but we feel no fear. We don't have the energy for that.
With the battle over, everyone's completely exhausted.
I'm bleeding from my head, and my whole body hurts like it'd been torn to shreds, thanks to the repeated Slo-mo uses.
Said successive attacks have completely busted me up.
I had the craziest nosebleed earlier.
If I don't get some serious rest, I'm probably gonna die.
Thanks to the missile blasts, both Junna and Airi's clothes and faces are covered in soot.
Well, I can't complain too much, considering Super GunBuild-1 is more banged up than all of us combined.
The body's been crushed and ripped wide open.
The end of the left pile bunker has been pulverized.
The right pile bunker flew off somewhere and still has yet to be recovered.
All things considered, this papier mâché robot did a pretty damn good job.
We left cleanup at the TNSC to Mr. Senomiya.
Right now, the guys from JAXA are headed over, so they've got it handled.
We left the wreckage of SUMERAGI and KAMINAGI at the Osaki Launch Complex. The police will recover them at a later date.
Black-1 didn't get to launch into space.
In the end, we managed to save the entire world.
Not that I was trying to be a hero or anything.
I'm just not a fan of when things get all loud and crazy.
Kaito: “Aki-chan, thank you for everything.”
Akiho: “Huh? For what?”
Kaito: “The button.”
Kaito: “You pushed it without hesitation, didn't you?”
Akiho: “...I did. But my heart hurt every time I did it. The only reason I could do it is because you believed in me.”
Kaito: “And I'm grateful for that. I'm glad I trusted you.”
Akiho: “Yeah...”
Akiho: “But don't do something crazy like that ever again, alright?”
Frau: “Hey, y-you guys, check Twipo. Srsly.”
Frau's looking at her PokeCom when she suddenly raises her voice at us.
Frau: “Th-This festival is wild...”
Kaito: “Festival?”
I know she wants us to check it out on our PokeComs, but...
I'm seriously too dead to even do that.
Akiho: “What's going on?”
Subaru: “Everyone's showing their appreciation.”
Subaru's sitting in such a way as to protect his leg. He starts explaining things to us.
Subaru: “They're telling us that we did a good job. Bravo, etc.”
Junna: “Nagafukada-sensei was livestreaming the entire time, so everyone saw the whole thing.”
Mitsuhiko: “Listen up and remember well. Recording things is one of my favorite pastimes. That's a pro tip.”
Fujita: “Shut it, Mitsuhiko. Listenin' to you talk is killin' me faster.”
Doc shoots his sharp reply at Mitchie from the driver's seat.
Nae: “Ahahaha, Nagafukada-sensei is so funny.”
Nae-san cheerfully laughs alongside Airi.
Subaru: “Anyway, about a million people watched the livestream. They're all sending congratulatory comments and the like via Twipo.”
Frau: “It's not normal to get a million viewers. I mean, I've never seen a livestream have that many before.”
Subaru: “It looks like most of them didn't really understand what was going on.”
Subaru: “It seems that some people even thought it was a promotion for an action film.”
Airi: “Well, it really did seem like a movie.”
I have no idea if the livestream will help or not, but some of the chaos around the world should die down now.
Kimijima Kou, the mastermind behind everything, is gone.
I turn my eyes toward Misa-nee, still asleep leaning against Mitchie's shoulder.
She has yet to wake up since the battle.
It's possible that she may never wake up again.
Akiho: “Hey, Kai.”
Akiho: “When I lost consciousness during the MF Anemone Incident...”
Akiho: “Big Sis held my hand the entire time.”
Akiho gazes lovingly at her sister's face.
Akiho: “That's why I wanna stay right by her side until she wakes up, too.”
Akiho: “And when she does, I'll tell her.”
Akiho: “I love you, Big Sis.”
Kaito: “Sounds good to me...”
Both Akiho and I wanted to bring Misa-nee to the hangar.
In order to protect us, she chose to become the enemy of the entire world.
That's a crime that can never be forgiven.
But after seven long years, she's finally home.
The place where the Robotics Club was born. We wanted to bring her to the abandoned airport just one more time.
Silence has returned to Nakatane.
It hasn't changed much from when we left.
But now everyone should know that the threat is gone.
Did everyone who evacuated head back home?
We haven't encountered a single car on the way back.
Where did everyone go?
It all clicks the moment we arrive at the old airport.
???: “Heeey!”
Junna: “Just now... Did you hear a voice?”
???: “Heeey!”
Airi: “Ah, I heard it, too...”
Subaru: “It came from the runway.”
Akiho: “Ah... Look over there!”
Akiho leans out from the cargo bed and points straight ahead...
Right there...
Everyone had gathered there.
Everyone was waiting for us.
They were there smiling, ready to welcome home us, the Robotics Club, and the Super GunBuild-1 we had built.
Little kids, students from our school, men and women, grandmas and grandpas.
JAXA employees.
Subaru's dad, my parents, the vice principal, Mr. Candy...
Everyone is waving at us.
Akiho: “We still have a place to go home to. What more could we want?”
Nae: “Aaah! Akiho, that's a famous quote!”
Akiho: “Hehe...”
Mitsuhiko: “C'mon folks, you should wave back.”
Junna: “Heeey! We're baaack!”
Frau: “Duhuhu. But I refuse.”
Subaru: “We're home!”
Airi: “...”
Akiho: “Hey, Big Sis...”
Akiho: “There's so many people here cheering for us.”
Akiho: “They're welcoming us home...”
Akiho: “I hope you can hear it, too.”
