The rain has stopped.
But the sky is still cloudy, with the sun hidden behind them.
We're still okay, right?
They can't launch the rocket yet, right?
I look up at the sky with unease.
Some volunteers are risking life and limb to infiltrate and monitor the Osaki Launch Complex.
All we can do now is wait for their report.
I've been discharged from assembly work.
Thanks to all of the people helping, Akiho and Subaru ordered me to rest.
They want me rested up and in top condition for the decisive battle tomorrow.
And so I opted to take them up on their offer, but...
There's something else I need to do.
Nae: “Listen, we're in enemy territory right now.”
Nae: “We can't stay for long.”
Kaito: “I know.”
I get out of the car and reply.
I asked Nae-san to drive me over to the old community center in Uchugaoka Park.
On a clear day, you can see the VAB from here, but the thick fog is making that impossible.
Is Misa-nee over there?
Is the Black Hole Bomb capable of killing five billion people also there?
I forcibly tear my gaze away.
Right now, Minamitane is effectively a ghost town.
As of this morning, about 80% of Nakatane has been evacuated. The rest are moving out under police instruction.
It was never a town with that many people.
Still, not seeing a single car on the way to the town office in the center of the city was chilling.
I can't keep wasting time.
When I open the back seat door, Airi gets out.
Kaito: “Are you doing alright?”
Airi: “Yes.”
When I asked Nae-san to take me here, Airi spoke up.
She said that she wanted to take a look at the island for the first time in 10 years.
Considering she had to be put into cold sleep, I had assumed she was super ill, but honestly? She doesn't look that bad.
That aside, I have something I need her to do. That's why I agreed to take her here despite the danger.
Fortunately, we have Nae-san with us.
According to Frau, she's supposed to be ridiculously strong.
Kaito: “So? What do you think of the island after all this time?”
Airi: “It's... kind of nostalgic, but it's also really lonely...”
Airi: “There isn't a single person I know left here.”
Airi: “But I guess I only ever really knew my mother and Kimijima-san.”
A decade is much longer than it seems.
For example, it's possible that friends from kindergarten or elementary school are still around.
But for Airi, whose time was stopped for a whole decade, they'd have 10 full years. They would be different people now.
Kaito: “I'll take a look inside. Nae-san, please look after Airi... san.”
I walk off on my own.
The room at the far end of the first floor. The one with an electronic lock.
The device inside this room is what I'm here for.
The door is locked.
It won't open unless you input the password.
Airi's the one who taught it to me—or was it Sister Centipede?
???: “HiddenHand.”
Kaito: “...?!”
Surprised, I turn around to find Airi and Nae-san standing in the darkness.
Kaito: “Did you follow me?”
Airi: “I'm sorry.”
Nae: “It's like, really chilly outside!”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “Airi-san, how did you know the password?”
Airi: “It just suddenly popped into my head.”
Airi: “But I'm certain I've never heard it before...”
Airi seems to be at a loss.
She doesn't understand why she knows the password.
Could Sister Centipede be around here somewhere? Last week when I left for Tokyo, I know she was still operating properly.
But for some reason she stopped showing up on my PokeCom.
It'd be really helpful if she popped up right about now.
There's something I wanted to ask her.
In fact, I was hoping to fish out Sister Centipede by bringing Airi here.
Kaito: “...”
Well, whatever. I need to keep my priorities straight.
The inside of the room is unchanged from the last time I came.
The electromagnetic wave irradiation device that causes monopoles to fall from the sky.
It's still working.
Which means monopoles are still falling on Uchugaoka Park.
Airi: “What is that...?”
Kaito: “An electromagnetic wave irradiation device.”
Airi: “Electromagnetic... wave...?”
Nae: “This has been making the monopoles fall...”
Nae: “You should've just told me about it.”
Kaito: “I didn't want to create any turmoil until after the Expo.”
I leave the women alone for a moment and stand in front of the device.
It uses the large antenna outside to beam EM waves into space. I think that's how Sister Centipede explained it before.
But I didn't really examine it in detail last time.
I had no idea how to handle or operate it.
Sawada: “It is useless by itself. It will not activate without aspecial cartridge inserted into the slot.”
Intrigued by what Sawada told me, I decided to come here.
I figured there might be a cartridge-like thing somewhere on the machine.
I begin casually tapping away at the icons on the display screen.
It goes without saying, but I have zero luck, so I give up on controlling the device via its screen.
Airi: “What are you doing?”
Kaito: “I'm looking for something.”
There's nothing like a window or anything below the display.
Which means I can't see inside.
Am I going to have to take this thing apart in order to figure out what he meant by a cartridge?
Then, in the darkness, I find what seems to be a button under the device.
Just as I'm about to push it...
Airi: “Please, wait.”
For some reason, Airi stops me.
Airi: “I think you should cut the power first.”
Kaito: “...?”
Kaito: “Why?”
Airi: “Ah, um... I just had a feeling.”
Well, she's right. It's common sense to make sure the power's off before taking something apart.
I follow Airi's advice and cut the power.
However, there's no explanation for any of the buttons on the display, so I have no idea what to push.
Kaito: “Hmm, which is it?”
Airi: “This one.”
And just like that, Airi is next to me.
She reaches her white, slender hand out, and touches my hand.
I can feel her warmth through my skin.
Kaito: “You're real...”
Airi: “Huh?”
Kaito: “Oh, nothing. Just talking to myself.”
I smile and leave the display to Airi.
Nae: “Airi-chan, do you know how to operate this?”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “To cut the power, you push this button to bring up the subscreen, then hold this big button for 10 seconds...”
Airi follows her own instructions.
The light then vanishes from the device's display.
The constant humming noise stops, and the room is blanketed in silence.
I guess the power's off.
Kaito: “That went way too smoothly.”
I glance at Nae-san, and she nods her head in agreement.
It looked to me like Airi knew exactly what she was doing with that device.
No hesitation whatsoever. She turned off the power without even thinking about it.
These are the actions of someone who has been around the block dozens of times, not once or twice.
Is this really the Airi who was asleep for 10 years?
Or is she actually the AR Airi?
Hell, this could even be a trap set by Kimijima Kou...
But wait, she literally just touched my hand a moment ago. I know I felt her. There's no way that she's AR Airi.
Airi: “I don't understand...”
Airi: “Why did I... just do that?”
Airi seems surprised at herself.
Whatever. I can ask her about it later.
I have Airi move out of the way and try pressing the button on the bottom of the device.
When I do, a tray comes slowly sliding out.
It's hard to see in the darkness, but it's actually less of a tray and more of a circuit board.
It's a little bigger than a PokeCom.
Could this be the device's core?
I steel myself and try pulling it all the way out.
Kaito: “Could this be the cartridge...?”
Airi: “...”
Kaito: “Let's go back upstairs.”
I want to take a look at this thing somewhere with some light.
The three of us return to the second floor.
It's a strange feeling.
It was only half a year ago that I first spoke to AR Airi here.
And now...
The real Airi is standing right in front of my eyes.
Airi: “...”
Airi appears to be having some thoughts as she looks around the community center.
Kaito: “Airi-san, you're from Tanegashima, right?”
Airi: “Yes.”
Kaito: “Have you been here before?”
Airi: “No.”
Airi: “Because of my illness, I was always stuck at home.”
Airi: “My house was near the border of Nishinoomote and Nakatane.”
Airi: “I barely ever came to the southern part of the island.”
Kaito: “Hmm...”
I already looked into the house where Yukifune Airi lived.
Unfortunately, it's now an empty lot. Her house is gone.
I still haven't found the right time to let her know.
Earlier, when Airi said she wanted to go with me, I was afraid she'd ask us to take her to her house...
I look down at the circuit board in my hand.
It really is just that.
I don't know much about how these things are constructed, so I have no idea how it works.
The EM irradiation device that Sawada gave me has a slot for something just this size.
I put down the heavy knapsack slung over my shoulder and remove the device.
Nae: “That's an ‘N Ⅳ’...”
Kaito: “You know about it?”
Nae: “Yeah, at least in name.”
Nae: “This is the first time I've seen one, though.”
Airi: “...?”
A device that could show illusions to tens of thousands of people in Odaiba.
If we can use this thing, we can totally change the tide of battle with Misa-nee.
I carefully align the circuit board with the slot entrance.
Nae: “Looks like a perfect fit.”
Kaito: “I'll try pushing it in.”
I push the circuit board with a bit of strength into the slot.
It doesn't catch on anything and once it's all the way inside, it clicks.
All right, it's compatible. I'm in luck.
Kaito: “So can I use this thing now?”
Aside from the slot for the circuit board, there's no switch or button on the device itself.
But I do have a little remote control that came with it in my knapsack.
It's a simple controller, two square centimeters in size, with a single button on it.
Pushing said button would likely turn the device on, and I can imagine pushing it again would shut it off.
Will that... make people see illusions?
And it's not just that.
It's possible that there's another way of using it.
I'll test it out when I get back to the airport.
Kaito: “Now then...”
I put the device back in the knapsack and face Airi.
Kaito: “Could you explain what happened earlier?”
Kaito: “About knowing the HiddenHand password.”
Kaito: “And how you knew how to shut off the device.”
Kaito: “Anything come to mind?”
Airi rubs her temples with her fingers, a confused expression on her face.
Airi: “I could hear Kimijima-san's voice.”
Kaito: “Huh?”
Airi: “When I was alone in the hospital in Tokyo, I heard Kimijima-san's voice.”
Airi: “He showed me lots of videos.”
Airi: “I don't know if they were real, or if they were memories inside my head.”
Airi: “I don't even know who filmed them.”
Airi: “And then before I knew it, I was together with you in the airplane.”
Airi: “Someone was whispering the phrase HiddenHand in the videos I was shown...”
Airi: “I've never been here before, and yet it feels like I've come time and time again.”
Nae: “You mean like déjà vu?”
Airi: “I don't know...”
I don't think AR Airi's memories have been inherited by her.
Those would just be 1s and 0s anyway.
So I wanna believe that's not the case.
Hell, that'd mean that she remembers me giving her a kiss on the forehead through my PokeCom on Christmas Eve.
I'd die of embarrassment if she remembered that.
But something's not right here.
Sister Centipede might know something about all of this.
I boot up ‘IRUO.’ and survey the area with it, but there's no Sister Centipede in sight.
Where could she have wandered off to?
Kaito: “You don't remember what happened at Chofu Airport, right?”
Airi: “I don't...”
Airi: “Did I do something...?”
Kaito: “Nah, don't worry about it.”
If I told her she tried to kill us and then herself, and with a gun no less, it'd probably come as a massive shock.
Nae: “Anyway, let's head back. We shouldn't be here.”
Airi and I both nod and exit the building.
And outside was...
Kaito: “Huh?!”
Nae: “Drones?! We're surrounded!”
???: “Move and I shoot.”
That voice... Airi?!
But she's standing next to me, worriedly looking around with uncertainty.
In that case...
Kaito: “Is that you, Sister Centipede?!”
I raise my PokeCom in the direction of the voice: the tower scaffolding.
Airi—no, Sister Centipede—is there wearing her usual fluttery dress, the icon on her head glowing.
Airi looks at my PokeCom from the side, and her eyes widen.
Airi: “Ah, it's me...”
Sister Centipede: “I repeat. Move and I shoot. It would take less than three seconds to kill all three of you.”
Nae: “Kaito-kun, this is really, really not good...”
Kaito: “Yeah, I can tell.”
I never considered that Sister Centipede would be a part of the enemy's forces.
But this might actually be convenient for me...
This increases the probability that Sister Centipede has the answers to my questions.
Kaito: “Think those floating things are AR?”
Nae: “I can see them with my own two eyes!”
Kaito: “It was the same in Odaiba. Hundreds of thousands of people saw illusions with their bare eyes. Everyone was tricked.”
Kaito: “It'd sure be nice if this was the same deal...”
But if that was the case, wouldn't Sister Centipede also be visible to—
Airi: “Aah!”
Kaito: “...!”
There's a bullet hole in the concrete wall.
Sister Centipede: “These are real.”
Kaito: “Ah, wonderful...”
Yeah, a little bit of wishful thinking.
I didn't expect her to fire a warning shot, though.
Sister Centipede's much more quick-witted than she used to be.
Kaito: “So, what's the big idea? Why'd you surround us?”
Sister Centipede: “Master gave me orders to eliminate you.”
Kaito: “...”
I gulp.
I'm going to get killed off before I even get the chance to challenge Misa-nee?
Give me a damn break...!
Nae: “Then why haven't you shot us already?”
Kaito: “What...?”
She's right... Is there a reason why Sister Centipede hasn't killed us yet?
If that's the case... maybe I can work with this.
Kaito: “Sister Centipede, there's something I wanted to ask you.”
Sister Centipede: “I have no intention of answering.”
But that doesn't stop me from asking.
Kaito: “Did you know that SUMERAGI was remotely operated at the Expo Arena in Odaiba?”
Sister Centipede: “...”
Kaito: “SUMERAGI is a standalone system. It shouldn't be hackable without a physical cable.”
Kaito: “Do you know anything about that?”
The Expo rampage likely wasn't Misa-nee plan's, but rather Kimijima Kou's as a part of Project Atum.
In that case, since Sister Centipede is working under him, she should know something.
In fact, seeing as Sister Centipede is operating the drones, it's possible that she also remotely operated SUMERAGI.
Kaito: “Tell me, Sister Centipede...!”
???: “You seem to be misunderstanding something.”
Kaito: “...?!”
It's him!
Airi: “Ah...!”
Kaito: “Kimijima... Kou...!”
It's all his fault!
Kimijima Kou: “In the Project Atum scenario, you aren't the leading actor. You are merely an unnamed extra.”
Kimijima Kou: “I'd prefer if you exited stage right immediately. Didn't I tell you that in Tokyo?”
If this man didn't exist, Misa-nee wouldn't be our enemy.
Kimijima Kou: “And now you're trying to take what I created without my permission...”
Kimijima Kou: “Only a thief could be so bold.”
Kaito: “...”
Akiho wouldn't have had to suffer, the Expo wouldn't have been ruined, and Model-2 would still exist.
Kimijima Kou: “You have my respect for collecting all of my reports and dispersing them across the earth, Yashio Kaito-kun.”
Kimijima Kou: “However, I'd like you to realize that you're nothing more than an errand boy.”
It's all his fault...!
I want to rush up to him and punch him in the face right this second.
I'm so angry...! I know I can't do that, and it pisses me off...!
I have no way to vent this anger.
And if I moved right now, I'd be pumped full of holes.
Ten drones are hovering above Nae-san and myself, their guns trained on us as they make eerie fan noises.
Kimijima Kou: “Sister Centipede, why haven't you disposed of them yet?”
I glance at Nae-san, hoping she has some kind of plan.
But even she seems to be at her wit's end.
Her eyes are darting around. She's biting down on her lip, unable to move.
Neither me nor Nae-san can find a way out of this.
Is it hopeless...?
Is this the end?
Without even noticing how panicked I was...
Airi: “Kimijima-san.”
Airi calls out to the mastermind, a stern expression on her face.
Well, more accurately, she calls out to the Kimijima Kou on my PokeCom screen.
Airi: “Kimijima-san... Are you dead?”
Kaito: “...”
I was ready for this to be the end.
But Sister Centipede still doesn't open fire.
Wait, does Airi not know that Kimijima Kou is dead?
Did nobody tell her after she woke up from cold sleep?
Kaito: “Kimijima Kou died nearly 10 years ago.”
Kimijima Kou: “That's right. I did certainly die. I was killed.”
Kimijima Kou: “And it's thanks to that that I have attained immortality.”
Kimijima Kou: “Although even that may come to an end in a few days.”
Kimijima Kou: “I will be annihilated by the very same Project Atum that I created and executed.”
Kimijima Kou: “A storm of heat and EM waves raining down on us from space, bringing with it the deaths of five billion people.”
Kimijima Kou: “And as I exist on the network, the storm will most likely destroy me as well.”
He's insane...
Airi: “Why do you wish to be destroyed?”
Kimijima Kou: “Excuse me?”
Airi: “Because you wish for death? Because the success of your experiment would make you happy? Or do you not want to live?”
Kimijima Kou: “...”
Airi: “See? Again...”
Airi: “It was the same when we met in the hospital.”
Airi: “The Kimijima-san from before I went to sleep and the Kimijima-san here now feel different.”
Airi: “I don't feel your heart anywhere, Kimijima-san.”
His heart...?
The mastermind behind everything. Kimijima Kou.
When I spoke to him at Chofu, his view of the world was far removed from any other human's. I couldn't understand him at all, nor could I think of him as a fellow person.
My impression of him was an amoral man with a broken mind. A man who lacked the common sense and morals of normal human.
Is she saying that he wasn't always like this?
Even before he died, he experimented with the lives of everyone aboard the MF Anemone. People like Akiho, myself, and many others.
If Misa-nee hadn't stopped him, everyone aboard would probably be dead. How the hell could the man behind that have a soul?
Airi: “You were a broken person even 10 years ago, Kimijima-san. All you thought about were experiments.”
Airi: “But... you were kind. I could feel that from your heart.”
Kimijima Kou: “I only ever saw you as a sufficient test subject.”
Airi: “...”
Airi: “It doesn't matter how you saw me.”
Airi: “When I asked you to put me to sleep, you struggled to do it for a really long time.”
Kimijima Kou: “I was simply choosing to think over the contents of the experiment thoroughly, unfortunately for you.”
Airi: “But you still hesitated.”
Airi: “Yet right now, you have a goal, but there's no thought behind it. No reason.”
A reason, huh...?
A reason for executing Project Atum...
It's true that it's still unclear as to why Kimijima Kou would try to massacre five billion people.
Airi: “Kimijima-san, why do you want this experiment to succeed?”
Kimijima Kou: “...”
Kimijima Kou: “Fufufu...”
Kimijima Kou: “Why do I want the experiment to succeed, you ask? I wonder.”
Kimijima Kou: “...I simply want it to succeed.”
Kimijima Kou: “It matters not if the experiment pertains to the genocide of five billion people, or making a single flower boom. They're the same to me.”
Kaito: “In other words, you're just a program.”
Kimijima Kou: “Perhaps so.”
Kimijima Kou: “I was constructed out of incomplete Alpha data, taken just prior to my death. Didn't I tell you?”
Kimijima Kou: “It could very well be that there was insufficient data to perfectly reproduce the human known as Kimijima Kou.”
Kimijima Kou: “And be that as it may, I wouldn't call it a particular inconvenience.”
Kimijima Kou: “One might say I am now defective as a human being. However, that is nearly perfect for executing this experiment.”
Kimijima Kou: “‘Make the experiment succeed.’ Kimijima Kou's objective remains as such.”
Kimijima Kou: “Items such as reason prove unnecessary now.”
The Kimijima Kou possessing Misa-nee is defective, huh...?
Like hell we can just let this thing do as it pleases.
However...
I haven't been able to stop sweating.
The guns are still trained on us.
Kimijima Kou: “By the way...”
Just then, Kimijima Kou's figure vanishes.
It's instantaneous, like he was never here to begin with.
Where did he go?
Sister Centipede still doesn't move.
I look around, but Kimijima Kou is—
Kimijima Kou: “Your parents have been dead for years.”
Airi: “...!”
Shit...!
He's trying to possess Airi again!
Kaito: “Stop!”
But my voice reaches neither Airi nor Kimijima Kou.
