By the time Doc and I catch up in the car, Super GunBuild-1 has already arrived in Minamitane.
It took a little under three hours to get here.
To think it'd take that long to cover the distance a car could travel in 15 minutes, or a scooter in 30...
We knew this'd be the case ahead of time, but man, we're cutting it close.
Right now, Super GunBuild-1 is stopped in the middle of the road.
A large crane is sitting beside it as workers hurry to attach the second pile bunker.
Before the robot left the old airport, the left pile bunker was already attached and tested.
That leaves the right one. Doc's friends are doing the heavy lifting, which is way more efficient than us amateurs doing it.
As expected, with several people working together, the process takes less than 10 minutes. Very impressive.
Akiho: “Kai, it's attached.”
The Prez contacts Yashio-senpai via her PokeCom. He's currently waiting on standby in the cockpit.
Kaito: “All right. Time to reboot.”
The robot restarts.
Yashio-senpai's PokeCom and Super GunBuild-1's systems are synchronized.
Kaito: “Reboot complete.”
Frau: “Th-There are more commands now.”
Frau: “It's the same as Gunvarrel's Straight Right.”
Kaito: “Got it.”
Yashio-senpai is able to follow Furugoori's explanation with little context.
Fujita: “Also, we included a little gimmick, just in case.”
Kaito: “What do you mean by that?”
Fujita: “You can only use it once, and once you do, the pile bunker'll be useless.”
Fujita: “Make sure you get the timing right.”
Kaito: “So what exactly is the attack?”
Subaru: “The Gunval Ankh Striker.”
I reply in the same fashion as Furugoori.
Kaito: “Huh...”
And Yashio-senpai grins like he immediately understands.
Gunvarrel's most powerful finishing move. The Gunval Ankh Striker.
I know Yashio-senpai will make good use of it.
As far as I can tell through the monitor, he doesn't look too awful.
I figured he'd have vomited once or twice due to the shaking, but I'm relieved to see he's adapted. That's one less factor to worry about.
Subaru: “I'll be joining you all from here on.”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai, we'll also be testing the pile bunker we just attached.”
Doc is going back to the old airport with the others in the crane. They'll be forming Unit C in the rear.
The workers leave us with words of encouragement as they head out.
Akiho: “Alright, Subaru will get in the Thunder Emperor.”
Akiho: “Sorry Airi, but can you help him get into the truck bed?”
Airi: “Okay, no problem!”
Yukifune-san and Daitoku-senpai both extend me a hand.
With their assistance, I manage to climb into the truck bed.
Kaito: “Subaru-kun, is your leg doing okay?”
Subaru: “Of course it's not. If I bump it into anything, it hurts so much that I can barely stand—”
Subaru: “Nnnnnnngh...!”
Kaito: “What's wrong?”
Airi: “Th-This is bad! He bumped his leg against the gun mount!”
Junna: “U-Um, I think he fainted from the pain...”
Frau: “I-I'm okay with you writhing more. I can use this for my delusions... Duhuhu.”
Junna: “Hidaka-kun, are you okay...?”
Subaru: “I-I'm alwite...”
Yukifune-san and Daitoku-senpai gently rub my back, but obviously that doesn't do anything to lessen the pain.
I'm grateful, but I can't summon the strength to offer any words of thanks as I suck air through my teeth and suffer through the pain.
Akiho: “Just use your guts and willpower to make it through!”
Kaito: “I doubt that's gonna help.”
Akiho: “Kai, I'll run the test in Subaru's place.”
Akiho: “First, from a standing position, try shooting the right pile bunker at 90 degrees.”
Akiho: “After that, we'll test it while walking.”
Akiho: “Jun, be sure to keep the laser beam aimed squarely on the antenna.”
Junna: “Got it...!”
Daitoku-senpai moves away from me and takes hold of the laser gun mount.
Kaito: “Test firing the right pile bunker.”
Above my head, the pile bunker powerfully ejects from its cradle.
Frau: “Operation confirmed.”
Kaito: “Man, that recoil is nuts.”
Kaito: “If I use the left and right ones in succession, are we sure the cockpit isn't gonna come off?”
Subaru: “Remember, attaching these things was a rush job.”
It's finally calming down. My leg is still throbbing, but I can at least talk.
Subaru: “Doc made them on his own without thinking they'd be attached to Super GunBuild-1.”
Subaru: “Your concerns are completely valid.”
Kaito: “Whoa, whoa, is it really okay to use them, then?”
Subaru: “That's what these tests are meant to determine.”
Kaito: “What will we do if we find out they're too dangerous?”
Subaru: “...”
Kaito: “...”
Kaito: “C'mon, say something.”
I decide to answer honestly.
Subaru: “It's impossible to make power output adjustments to the pile bunkers at this stage.”
Kaito: “Then why even bother testing them?”
Subaru: “To roughly estimate how many shots the body can endure. This must be done some way or another.”
Kaito: “Oh, makes sense...”
Akiho: “If we can figure out the limit, then we can use that as a reference for how to fight.”
Akiho: “Make sure not to hit that limit, got it?”
They were forcibly attached to what might as well be papier mâché.
There isn't much we can do about the attacks being life-threatening.
But judging by the test just now, we won't have to worry about it all exploding after one use.
Akiho: “Alright, resume the charge!”
When Super GunBuild-1 starts moving, the small truck I'm riding in starts up as well.
I look up at the robot's large back from the truck bed.
I must see this through to the end with my own two eyes.
...No, I want to see it through.
As one of the people who helped create Super GunBuild-1.
And as a member of the Robotics Club.
