Akiho: “Kaiii!”
Junna: “Yashio-kun!”
Airi: “Yashio-san...!”
Frau: “Senpai!”
Mitsuhiko: “Yashio!”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai!”
Kaito: “Cough, cough...”
It looked like the missile from SUMERAGI scored a direct hit on Super GunBuild-1's body.
I scream at the top of my lungs, all the while trying to prevent myself from getting blown away by the blast.
But I immediately see that Kai is safe through my PokeCom monitor.
Akiho: “Kai! Thank goodness...”
Just imagining Kai gone was enough to make my chest feel like it would burst open... My heart is pounding.
I'm glad Kai is safe, but he looks like he's in a lot of pain.
And I know very well how much he suffers after an attack.
Kaito: “Where did the other one go...?”
Subaru: “The other one hit the VAB!”
The end of Super GunBuild-1's left pile bunker has been blown to bits from stopping the missile. It's useless now.
But now Kai is so close to SUMERAGI that he could probably touch it.
It's within the pile bunker's range.
Our strategy worked! We closed the distance on SUMERAGI!
But at the same time, that means we're in range of its front leg blades.
The AR decoys aren't gonna help us from here on out.
Kai's piloting is the only thing we can rely on.
Frau: “The left pile bunker's been blown away. It's useless.”
Frau: “Way to overdo it.”
Kaito: “Hahh, hahh... I've still got the right one...!”
Akiho: “You sound like you're in so much pain...”
Kaito: “Aki-chan, if you hadn't reacted so quick, I would have died...”
...To be honest, I didn't want to push the button. I didn't want to give Kai an attack.
Yesterday...
Soon after returning from Uchugaoka Park with Airi and Nae-san, Kai gave me this weird remote control.
Akiho: “What is this thing?”
Kaito: “Let's just say it's a super secret tool made by our enemy.”
Kaito: “And now we can use it, too.”
He said that with a mischievous grin on his face as he showed me the inside of his backpack.
At the time, I couldn't believe that Kai would go out of his way to use such a dangerous, evil weapon.
But he insisted. According to him, he needed it to defeat my Big Sis.
Kaito: “I wanna test it and make sure it's usable in real combat.”
Kaito: “Pressing the button on the remote control will activate the device. Could you stand back a bit and try it?”
Akiho: “Wait, are you gonna be the test subject?”
Kaito: “I mean, how else will I know if it works or not?”
I wasn't super okay with it, but without much of a choice, I decided to press the button.
Kaito: “...!”
Kaito: “Gahah...”
Kaito: “Hahh, hahh...”
Kai had an attack.
And it was clear as day that this device caused it.
Kai smiled, explaining that our chances of winning just went up.
Hey, Kai...
You've never thought of anything but winning, have you?
All I wanted to do was have fun playing games with you and Big Sis.
My gaze falls down to the remote control in my hands.
If I keep using this, Kai's body won't hold.
The more I use it, the more his life might be in danger.
Kai...
This is too cruel, Kai...
Why would you entrust me with something like this?
Just then, I see SUMERAGI slowly start to raise its body.
The way it has its two front legs up makes it look like a praying mantis.
Big Sis is serious...
Akiho: “Kai, you can't get hit by those arms!”
Kaito: “Aki!”
Akiho: “Nngh...!”
Again.
I press the button again.
Kai, how can you ask me to do this without any hesitation?
When I think about how much you're suffering, I want to break down into tears.
Super GunBuild-1 moves with amazing accuracy and speed.
Almost as though it predicted the future, it dodges SUMERAGI's right blade as it comes down.
The spider then immediately follows up with its left leg blade.
I know Kai's going to ask me again.
He's going to ask me to press the button.
I don't want to.
Kai will die.
Kaito: “Again...!”
My fingers holding the remote control tremble.
The thought of Kai disappearing scares me so much that I can't help it.
Akiho: “No...! I can't...!”
I unconsciously cry out.
I can't press it.
Kaito: “Urgh!”
Super GunBuild-1 fires its remaining pile bunker.
With perfect timing, it hits the joint of the spider's front leg as it swings down.
He did that without Slo-mo?!
Kai, you're incredible...!
Super GunBuild-1 takes a step back using the force of the recoil.
SUMERAGI returns its legs to the ground and pursues.
Akiho: “Kai...!”
Big Sis is going to kill him!
Kaito: “Don't hesitate...!”
Akiho: “But you'll die, Kai!”
If I push the button, I'll be killing him...!
What should I do?!
After closing the distance, SUMERAGI raises one front leg to the side.
The blade gleams a bright golden yellow. It's not just a mere blade.
Please, run!
Just as I'm about to scream those words out loud...
Super GunBuild-1 takes a step toward SUMERAGI.
He stepped forward?!
Kaito: “I believe... in you...! So... believe in me...!”
...!
That's right. I made a promise.
When I accepted this remote control, I promised not to hesitate.
Kai gave it to me because he believed in me.
Back on the deck of the MF Anemone, he held my hand the entire time.
Big Sis held my hand when I woke up in the hospital.
I believe.
I believe that Kai will be okay.
That he'll save Big Sis.
That he won't leave me alone and disappear.
And that's because...
Kaito: “There's no way in hell I'm gonna lose. Who do you think I am?”
You love games, you hate losing... You're the boy I've always loved ever since we were kids!
If I don't believe in Kai, who will?!
Super GunBuild-1's pile bunker shifts to a 45 degree angle.
SUMERAGI immediately swings its blade in an attempt to block Kai's attack.
Get fired up! C'mon, Aki. It's now or never!
Grant me the courage to press this button!
Kaito: “Aki!”
I believe in you...!
Win, Kai!
