The Kill-Ballad System on my PokeCom looks like it's frozen.
It's not working.
For the next minute, I can't move Super GunBuild-1 at all.
I'm totally defenseless.
My fingers are trembling.
I clench my fists to try and force them to stop shaking.
A wheezing sound comes from the back of my throat.
Both my body and mind want more air.
My chest throbs in pain like it's being crushed.
My pulse is still hammering out of control.
My entire body is drenched in sweat.
I can feel the blood vessels in my body pulsating.
It feels like the blood inside me is boiling.
Each pulse feels like I'm being stabbed with countless needles all smaller than a grain of sand... Like any minute now, they'll all burst open and drown me in my own blood.
A feeling like I'm losing my mind.
I repeatedly clench and unclench my hands.
Over.
And over.
I keep doing it until the trembling stops.
There are bottles of Fruit Sour Melon all over the floor.
I pick one up, crack the seal, and drain it down in one gulp.
It's only then that I realize my throat was dry this entire time.
The refreshing melon taste fills my mouth.
It's quiet.
I take a peek outside through the viewing window.
KAMINAGI remains still.
Has she not noticed?
Don't notice.
Please don't notice...
If she does, it's over.
I hate that all I can do is pray.
C'mon, hurry up...
This one minute feels like an eternity...
Kaito: “Ah...”
KAMINAGI takes a single step toward me.
Kaito: “...”
That might be Misa-nee's way of testing the waters.
She wants to see how I'll react.
I check my PokeCom.
The system still hasn't rebooted.
I have no idea how many seconds are left.
Which means all I can do is just sit here.
KAMINAGI takes a second step.
This time, it seems much more confident.
I still can't move.
Then, KAMINAGI slowly raises the giant blade it's holding and braces its legs.
Kaito: “Shit, she noticed...!”
A third step. She begins to charge.
She's coming straight at me.
KAMINAGI's movement is nothing like that of a robot's.
Kaito: “Wheeze... Hehe...”
Misa-nee, are you looking at me?
Are you thinking about thrashing me with some powerful combo?
I sit down firmly in my seat.
Kaito: “If you are, then bring it...!”
Kaito: “I'll take all you've got, Misa-nee!”
Akiho: “NOOOO!”
Kaito: “?!”
Akiho drives her scooter between Super GunBuild-1 and KAMINAGI.
Akiho: “Stop it, Big Sis!”
Kaito: “You idiot...!”
Does she really think a scooter can stop that thing?!
You're just gonna get yourself killed!
Akiho...!
KAMINAGI responds unexpectedly.
Despite being mid-charge...
It pitches forward and comes to a complete stop.
Right in front of Akiho.
About five meters away from her.
Kaito: “She stopped?!”
Akiho: “Big Sis!”
Is Misa-nee still somewhere in there...?
Just then, multiple trucks come driving into the launch complex.
They push forward, as though to shield me.
The trucks stop in front of KAMINAGI.
It's Doc's Unit C.
They're honking up a storm.
Frau: “System rebooted!”
Kaito: “Took you long enough...!”
I hold my PokeCom up to chest height.
The boot screen displays for a few seconds, then returns to the camera feed.
Down at my feet I can see Akiho and the trucks, and in front of me is KAMINAGI.
Kaito: “Round Three!”
Kaito: “Everyone, get out of here!”
Akiho and the trucks retreat from between Misa-nee and I, almost like a receding wave.
In their place, I advance.
One step.
Two steps.
There's nothing in my way anymore.
Airi: “T-minus 2 minutes...!”
KAMINAGI sees me start to move and begins retreating, putting more distance between us again.
You're still running...?!
I grit and grind my teeth.
Kaito: “Misa-nee...!”
I shout out.
Kaito: “What happened to your right stuff?!”
Kaito: “You better believe I'm not who I used to be!”
Kaito: “I'm not gonna lose, not even to you!”
Kaito: “So how about it?!”
Kaito: “How about you stop acting like such a goddamn chicken?!”
They stop.
KAMINAGI's retreating legs stop.
KAMINAGI goes still.
Kaito: “Our battle ends here!”
Kaito: “I'm taking the top spot!”
Misaki: “Kai...”
She spoke...!
Misaki: “You? Take the top spot from me?”
Misaki: “You really think you can win? Don't make me laugh!”
A chill runs down my spine.
This is it.
This is the Misa-nee that only I know...!
Kaito: “Then how about you come and stop me?! Just like the good old days!”
Advance command.
Kaito: “What, too old to play aggressively? You've lost your edge, Misa-nee!”
Kaito: “Come at me! Show me that calm and collected expression you always wore as you mercilessly wrecked my shit!”
Kaito: “I know better! I know the friendly face you put on on TV isn't the real you at all!”
Advance command.
Kaito: “You're just an immature little girl who beats the living shit out of her childhood friend in video games!”
Kaito: “You treated your little sister like shit, calling her average in an attempt to get her to crawl after you, you goddamn sadist!”
Akiho: “Wha...”
Kaito: “You're a girl, yet you're obsessed with mecha anime!”
Kaito: “You randomly decided to build a giant robot in the middle of goddamn nowhere, then you dragged everyone remotely near you into it! THAT'S the STUPID, IDIOTIC girl I know!”
Advance command.
KAMINAGI was retreating before, but now it's advancing.
We're about 10 meters apart.
She'll be in range within the next step.
My pile bunker's range, that is.
But I'll also be in range of her blade.
Misaki: “Kai...!”
Misaki: “If you keep up that trash talk...”
Misaki: “I'm going to crush you into dust...!”
I'm getting hyped.
A smile automatically forms on my face.
This is the same high I get when I'm facing a real tough opponent. It's almost like a drug trip.
That sensation of my brain juices overflowing gets me as fired up as humanly possible...!
Of course, Misa-nee was the first person to teach me this feeling!
Kaito: “Just try it!”
For the last seven years...
I've dreamed of beating her.
This ridiculously trivial dream...
It won't do anything for me in the long run.
It's entirely for my own self satisfaction.
But even still, this is my dream.
I've come this far just for this.
Advance command.
I take a step.
The last step.
Misa-nee does the same.
She doesn't try to retreat.
Now that's the Misa-nee I know...!
Kaito: “MISA-NEEEE...!!!”
Misaki: “YOU LITTLE BRAT...!!!”
KAMINAGI leaps into the air.
Its body is about level with my cockpit.
It's already swinging its blade down.
Hang in there, paper armor...!
This is as true 1v1 now...
The cockpit trembles.
The impact feels like my head got bashed in with a hammer.
Kaito: “Aki...!”
Time slows to a crawl.
Despite my slow-mo, KAMINAGI's blade starts tearing into the cockpit.
I can see the giant blade of death approaching my body.
In less than five seconds, my body is going to be cut into pieces.
The intense pain is already enough to make me want to writhe in agony.
I feel blood start to trickle from my forehead.
Even the pain is being stretched out.
It's like my whole body is being twisted.
Like I'm being ripped apart.
All five of my senses are preoccupied with the pain.
Kaito: “Aaagh...”
But none of that matters.
You stopped, didn't you?
You stopped moving, Misa-nee.
Lose the battle to win the war, eh?
The blade sinks into Super GunBuild-1's body.
As long as she holds onto it, KAMINAGI can't move.
With this...
I feel like grinning from ear to ear as I punch in the command.
It's like shooting fish in a barrel!
Eat this! Pile bunker...!
I swiftly input the command.
Perfect, no misinputs.
It's over...!
However...
KAMINAGI does something I didn't expect.
It's like she knew what I was thinking.
She lets go of the blade.
I exit Slo-mo.
The pile bunker whiffs.
And KAMINAGI lands on the ground.
It's thanks to her swift thinking that I'm not dead, but still.
Did she read my moves?!
Kaito: “Dammit...!”
I'm not done yet!
I hurriedly punch in an advance command.
Super GunBuild-1's thick leg takes a step forward.
I'm virtually on top of KAMINAGI.
An advance at this range is effectively a kick...
Or at least it should've been...!
KAMINAGI once again reacts with insane timing and precision.
As soon as it lands on the ground, it smoothly leaps backward.
After dodging the kick, she tries to gain distance again.
Airi: “T-minus one minute!”
She's gaining distance.
KAMINAGI is getting away...
10 meters...
20 meters...
She's using her high jump to flee.
If she gets away now, I won't get another chance...!
Think!
Your next move!
While advancing, Super GunBuild-1 slightly leans forward.
Kaito: “Ah...”
That's it!
My trump card.
I've got a single attack that'll work in this 1-2 second window.
Kaito: “Aki!”
As soon as I shout, the world goes silent.
I find myself in an icy world devoid of all heat.
KAMINAGI is right in front of me. It's currently in midair after performing one of its high jumps.
There's 20 meters between us.
My pile bunker can't cover that distance.
With one exception.
Fujita: “You can only use it once, and once you do, the pilebunker'll be useless.”
Right now...
In this moment...
I can land the hit.
My Super GunBuild-1's Gunvarrel all-out attack...!
Ah...
It's over.
I already know.
I missed my shot. I've lost.
I could never be #1 with skills like this.
In the end, this is as far as I can go.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I'm sorry, Akiho.
I couldn't live up to your expectations.
The flow of time resumes.
Before me is KAMINAGI.
I'm locked and loaded.
The command's already been input.
NOW GOOOOO!
Kaito: “GUNVAL! ANKH STRIKERRRRR!!!”
The pile bunker launches at high speed...
But once it extends out of its casing, it doesn't stop...
It becomes a flying spear...!
No, if I'm gonna do this, I gotta do it right.
This is Gunvarrel's Ultimate Rocket Punch...!
It easily covers the over 20 meter distance to KAMINAGI, who is currently incapable of moving midair.
Akiho: “A direct hit!”
With its much smaller stature, KAMINAGI collides with the punch in midair, loses its balance, and crashes down to the ground.
Even the Gunval Ankh Striker isn't powerful enough to break through its armor.
But...
That hit definitely hit home.
KAMINAGI's one decisive weakness...
The fact that the pilot hatch is on the front, and said hatch is connected directly to the monitor.
It's now dented inward.
I shot my rocket punch right at the spot on the hatch weakest to blunt force.
With a hit like that, it's no surprise it got dented.
Frau: “Remaining battery, zero.”
Frau: “That j-just used all the power up.”
Super GunBuild-1 has stopped moving.
I don't care.
I don't need this robot anymore.
Your move, Misa-nee.
Your eyes—your cockpit monitor should be busted.
Which means you only have one option.
KAMINAGI's hatch opens.
The cockpit is exposed.
And there.
Clad in a tight, black pilot suit, is Misa-nee.
She slowly removes and tosses aside her cracked helmet. Her long hair blows in the wind.
Akiho: “Big Sis...!”
Her eyes.
They're looking straight up at me.
The fighting spirit in those eyes is as strong as ever.
Even with her sight crushed.
And even with the hatch wide open.
Airi: “T-minus 30 seconds!”
With less than 30 seconds remaining until launch...
She's still more than willing to fight.
In fact, she looks kind of angry.
She's probably pretty upset that she took a hit from the opponent she underestimated.
That's right.
She's not the smart, calm, smart, and beautiful girl that appears on TV.
The Misa-nee that the world sees isn't the real one at all.
I know who she is. She's that terrifying wall that stands in front of me.
The woman who would show me no mercy, crushing me without a second thought.
She was a truly cold show-off who'd always beat my ass and kick my corpse right after.
A truly immense wall.
The very same wall that I sought to overcome.
The wall I've always wanted to climb over.
Frau: “Kimijima Kou spotted!”
There he is, hovering over Misa-nee.
Kimijima Kou is like some kind of ghost.
Airi: “T-minus 20 seconds!”
Airi: “Yashio-san...!”
Subaru: “Yashio-senpai!”
Mitsuhiko: “Yashio!”
Frau: “Senpai!”
Junna: “Yashio-kun!”
Akiho: “Kai...!”
This is the end!
I'll bury the dead, here and now!
Kaito: “Aki-chan!”
Akiho: “Kai...”
Time goes still.
I focus my aim.
The fingers that were shaking only moments ago are now completely still.
My heart is strangely calm.
20 seconds left.
I can already picture victory in my mind.
Now...
It's time to unleash the finishing blow.
Calm down.
Focus and end this.
Make this the perfect final attack.
Virus, fire!
Misaki: “Kai...”
It's like a shock to the system.
The flow of time still hasn't gone back to normal.
During Slo-mo, all sound should be gone.
Yet in this soundless world...
Just now, I swear I could hear Misa-nee's voice.
Misaki: “Thank you.”
Misa-nee...
She's smiling.
A calm, happy smile.
She's looking at me and smiling.
Long ago.
Back when I was still a kid.
She gave me that same gentle smile when we'd play in Uchugaoka Park, waiting for a rocket launch.
Misa-nee...
Sound returns to my world.
The virus is shaped like a missile in AR.
It flies straight into the cockpit of KAMINAGI.
Misa-nee shouldn't be able to see it.
And yet she doesn't avert her gaze.
It's like she's accepting the attack from herself.
She doesn't move a single inch. She simply continues to smile.
Frau: “Direct hit on Kimijima Kou!”
Akiho: “What about the controls?!”
Nae: “Access rights are no longer with Kimijima Kou!”
Akiho: “Nae-san!”
Nae: “Stop the launch countdown!”
I set my gaze on the Black-1 sitting on Launch Pad 1.
Everyone holds their breath, waiting to see what happens.
Akiho: “...”
Akiho: “Did we make it in time?”
Akiho: “Wh-What happened?”
These few seconds feel like an eternity.
Airi: “T... Plus 10 seconds, 15 seconds...”
Kaito: “...!”
Akiho: “Plus means...”
Nae: “This is Tennouji!”
Nae: “The abort launch command went through!”
Nae: “The rocket is grounded!”
Nae: “Mission accomplished!”
Akiho: “We did it...! We did it, Kai!”
What about Misa-nee...?
I look down at the fallen KAMINAGI.
And inside of its open cockpit...
Misa-nee lies limp, unconscious.
Right next to her...
...Stands a calm and composed Kimijima Kou...
Even as his body is crumbling and falling apart.
Looks like the virus is working.
Yet, for some reason, Kimijima Kou is smiling calmly, just like Misa-nee earlier.
His voice is by no means loud.
But I can hear it clearly from my PokeCom.
Kimijima Kou: “So close... how unfortunate.”
Kimijima Kou: “But don't think that this is the end.”
Kimijima Kou: “A second, or perhaps even a third me will likely appear elsewhere in the world quite soon.”
Kimijima Kou: “Things might have worked out for you this time.”
Kimijima Kou: “But there's no guarantee that'll be the case every time.”
Kaito: “Even then...”
I didn't think my words would reach him.
But I can't not say it.
Kaito: “I've been told that... justice always prevails...”
Kimijima Kou: “...Does it now?”
Kaito: “Yeah...”
Kaito: “Over a half-century's worth... of mecha anime... has taught us that...”
Kaito: “That's why... there's no way we'll lose... That's what... our club president says...”
Kimijima Kou: “I see.”
Kimijima Kou: “Perhaps she's right.”
He murmurs with a somewhat bitter smile on his face.
And so, Kimijima Kou fades back into the dust from whence he came.
Akiho nearly trips over herself running up to KAMINAGI's cockpit.
She gently places her ear against Misa-nee's chest.
Akiho: “She's alive...”
Akiho: “Hey, Kai...!”
Akiho: “Big Sis is okay!”
Kaito: “...”
My head is throbbing.
Our cockpit has been mangled and ravaged.
If I acted just a second later, I would have been sliced clean in half.
I wipe the blood flowing from my forehead with my hand.
My heart is beating so intensely that I feel like it could burst at any moment.
My whole body is numb. I can't even hold up my PokeCom.
I sprawl out on top of the seat.
And take deep breaths.
I don't really feel anything over becoming #1...
But I am satisfied that I beat Misa-nee.
I absentmindedly gaze out at the horizon through my PokeCom.
Kaito: “Time to go home.”
Kaito: “Everyone is waiting.”
The last three days, as long and turbulent as they've been, have finally come to an end.
