I've managed to get the distance between SUMERAGI and I down to 30 meters.
The blast from a missile exploding nearby had me scared I might fall over, but I'm okay.
Subaru: “According to the data, the missile pod in SUMERAGI is loaded with 10 missiles.”
Subaru: “If that information is correct, it should only have two left!”
Kaito: “If I can get through this, Round One is mine!”
I advance without fear.
The spider moves its legs.
It takes one step back after another, trying to put more distance between us.
Like hell you're getting away!
Super GunBuild-1 is fast enough to keep up with the spider's movement!
Advance!
Input command!
Do your thing, monopoles!
The distance narrows.
10 meters.
But she won't fire.
Is she going to switch to melee combat?
Or did she lose the will to fight after seeing all of the decoys?
Is she saving those last two missiles?
You're never gonna beat me with strats like that!
Don't underestimate me, Misa-nee!
Advance!
Just a few more meters and she'll be in range...
Frau: “More missiles!”
Kaito: “?!”
I'm too close...!
Kaito: “Aki!”
The flow of time suddenly slows down.
The missiles keep approaching.
One of them is already turning in a completely different direction.
The problem is the last missile.
It's too close to Super GunBuild-1.
Before it'll be able to change course to one of the decoys, it'll slam right into me.
Dammit! Did Misa-nee calculate this?!
Thanks to Akiho's instant response, I've managed to activate Slo-mo.
But considering Super GunBuild-1's specs, I won't be able to dodge at this range.
It hurts to breathe. I feel like I'm suffocating.
The warmth is quickly leaving my hands and feet.
Yet my head is so hot that I feel like I've burst a blood vessel. I'm so itchy that I want to tear at my skin.
But even then...
Think, Kaito.
How are you gonna get out of this?
Find a way.
I read the missile's trajectory.
I expand my own awareness.
I make my consciousness one with the machine.
I synchronize my reality with Super GunBuild-1's reality.
It's gonna be a gamble.
I wait on the timing.
I have exactly four frames.
Got the angle!
Pile bunker, fire!
Crap...
The world turns white.
I can feel intense heat against my flesh.
And then suddenly, my consciousness fades.
I quickly input the command.
The left pile bunker begins to eject from its container.
It's still slow.
The normal flow of time has yet to return to the world.
The robot's frame shakes as the pile bunker ejects.
My body shakes violently along with it.
The tip of the pile bunker...
It's a crapshoot as to whether it'll hit the missile or not...
Kaito: “Aaagh...!”
Akiho: “Kaiii!”
